---
title: "More Vacancies Teacher" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "More is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Teacher which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>More is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Teacher</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Sunway International School (SIS)</strong> is the first international school in Malaysia to offer Ontario (Canada) Ministry of Education High School Curriculum.&#160; A private co-educational institution, SIS commenced in January 2008.&#160; Due to dynamic growth and expansion, SIS opened up a second campus in Sunway Iskandar, a new development strategically located close to major attractions in Iskandar, Johor Bahru and Singapore.&#160; Beginning in January 2017, <strong>SIS Sunway Iskandar</strong> has started operations and offers the Ontario curriculum for students in Kindergarten to Grade 5, Middle Year Programme (MYP) for students in Grade 6 to 10 and International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme (IB DP) for students in Grade 11 and 12.</div><div>SIS Iskandar welcomes applications from suitably qualified and experienced candidates to join SIS Iskandar in the following areas:</div><ul><li><strong>IB DP Mandarin</strong></li><li><strong>IB DP/CP Business</strong></li><li><strong>IB DP Psychology &amp; Guidance</strong></li><li><strong>IB DP Visual Arts&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>MYP English Language Acquisition/ ESL</strong></li><li><strong>MYP English Literature</strong></li><li><strong>MYP Health &amp; Physical Education</strong></li><li><strong>MYP Mathematics &amp; Science</strong></li><li><strong>MYP Humanities and Social Studies</strong></li><li><strong>Kindergarten &amp; Elementary Homeroom</strong></li></ul><div><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div><div>The Teacher is responsible for providing an educational atmosphere where students have the opportunity to fulfil their potential for intellectual, emotional, physical, spiritual and psychological growth. The teacher is responsible for developing course outline(s) and implementing instructional programs that will result in students achieving academic success in accordance with the Malaysian Ministry of Education, the Ontario Ministry of Education and/or International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme&#8217;s policies and guidelines. The Teacher will also provide non-academic services to the institution and undertake professional activities, extra-curricular activities, counselling and marketing activities.&#160; Academic staff members are expected to engage in scholarly activities to develop and enhance his/ her teaching, research and professional expertise relevant to the profession.</div><div>Specific duties required of a Teacher may include:</div><ul><li>Prepare and deliver classes/ learning activities.</li><li>Consultation with and supervision of students.</li><li>Mark and assess student&#8217;s work, assignments, projects, tests, coursework and examinations.</li><li>Develop subject teaching materials and learning materials for the subjects and students.</li><li>Perform extra-curricular activities, including counselling of students, marking of Placement/Readiness assessments and promotion/ marketing of the school.</li><li>Record student attendance for class, extra-curricular activities, invigilation of examinations, etc.</li></ul><div>.</div><div><strong>Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Degree / Diploma qualification in Education and/or related disciplines.</li><li>At least 2 years working experience preferably in International Schools.&#160;</li><li>Good communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Fluent in English.</li></ul></div><div>We thank all applicants for expressing their interest in this vacancy. Please note that only shortlisted applicants will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		The Sunway Education Group is one of Malaysia&#8217;s premier Group of Education and training institutions providing high standards of quality education. The Group consists of first rate universities, colleges, a professional accounting qualification provider, an international school, a world renowned institute of culinary arts and a training centre offering postgraduate, undergraduate, pre-university, diploma, Canadian secondary school curriculum, professional and other training programmes. The Sunway Education Group is endowed under the Jeffrey Cheah Foundation, a non-profit organisation.</div>
<div>
		We are now seeking expressions of interest and applications from suitably qualified, dynamic and self-driven candidates who can effectively contribute to the advancement of our tradition of excellence</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/teacher-4420822?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4420822&sectionRank=22&token=0~94b59a65-cb2f-4f96-ab7f-34c2578c0427&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 