---
title: "HELP International School Vacancies PHYSICAL EDUCATION TEACHER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "HELP International School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PHYSICAL EDUCATION TEACHER which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HELP International School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PHYSICAL EDUCATION TEACHER</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>We seek an energetic and competitive minded <strong>PE Teacher,</strong> able to teach classes at both primary and secondary school level. Candidates with successful experience in coaching basketball, rugby or football are encouraged to apply.</div><div><strong>HELP international School</strong> has the remarkable record of being Malaysia&#8217;s fastest growing international school ever. It has set itself a goal of becoming a world renown school for high quality holistic education. It continues to invest heavily in its educational programme on an annual basis, and offers successful candidates a competitive remuneration package. If you think you have what it takes to work in a fast paced, progressive learning environment, then we invite you to submit your application here.</div></div><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><ul><li>Candidates must possess degree and postgraduate teaching qualification.&#160;</li><li>Candidates should have undergone recent and relevant professional development.</li><li>Having at least 3 years teaching experience in IGCSE is essential</li></ul><div><strong>DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><div><br><strong>(A) ACADEMIC</strong></div><ul><li>Read and understand the requirements of the syllabus for the subject. Teachers are also required to keep a copy of the syllabus in their files.</li><li>Read,&#160; keep and abide&#160; by all circulars and directives from&#160; the&#160; Ministry of Education (MOE) and State Education Department&#160; regarding&#160; the&#160; teaching&#160; of the&#160; subject</li><li>Set achievable targets and make regular assessments of own teaching strategies and students&#8217; performance. Seek&#160;the assistance of Head of Subject (HoS) to review teaching strategies if targets are not met.</li><li>Prepare and keep a copy of lesson plans.&#160; Lesson plans must be handed&#160; up weekly to&#160; Head of&#160;Subject (HoS) for checking. All lesson plans must be designed to achieve intended learning outcomes. Keep records of students&#8217; assignments for reference.</li><li>Prepare and give suitable and optimum amount of written work to achieve the intended learning&#160;outcomes.</li><li>Conduct regular assessments of students&#8217; performance and determine weaknesses and carry out the remedial actions.</li><li>Be a member of the Subject Panel, attend all meetings and abide by all decisions of the Panel.</li><li>Take all possible measures to ensure the safety of students whether in the class room, in special room or in the school field.</li><li>Keep abreast with all new development in the teaching of the subject and make preparations accordingly.</li><li>Seek the assistance of the Head of Subject (HoS) to resolve any problems in the reaching of the subject</li><li>Display articles, charts, learning tips, pictures in the class room to encourage interest and learning of the subject</li><li>Contribute to the collection of the question papers for the school&#8217;s internal assessments / examinations</li></ul><div><strong>(B) CLASS ORGANISATION</strong></div><ul><li>It is the responsibility of all teachers to see the good management of the class in all aspects.</li><li>Ensure that the facilities in the class are always functional and that all furniture are in good condition.</li><li>Report any breakages or loss to the relevant department for immediate action to be taken.</li><li>Keep records of the attendances for purpose of reporting to parents at their request.</li><li>Keep records of student particulars for quick or regular reference. Update all records.</li><li>Responsible for filling up progress reports.</li><li>Motivate, encourage and look after the welfare of students in the class.</li><li>Encourage healthy interaction and competition among students in the class.</li><li>Impart moral values and contribute to character building.</li><li>Sensitive to the needs and problems faced by students.</li><li>Report to the Head of Subject and Head of School if there is a sudden drop in performance or changes in behavior of any student he/she teaches.</li><li>Liaise with various relevant divisions regarding posting of assessment data, registration and transfers, payments, attendance,&#160; co-curricular activities, house (sports) leaving certificates, testimonials&#160; etc.</li><li>Consult parent(s) whenever necessary and be ready to entertain requests / questions from parents from time to time regarding students&#8216;&#160; performances, behavior, attendance, school curriculum, administration&#160; etc.</li></ul><div><strong>(C) SUBJECT&#160; MATTER SPECIFIC&#160; RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>Teacher is also required be involved in running of extra curricular activities with students as well as help in planning and running of school events, lead and coordinate in activities related to their subject matter related area. <strong>Examples</strong> of this include :<ul><li>for physical education, the teacher is to lead in school sports participation, oversee the competitive sports program including coaching and guiding for various sports</li><li>for music, to spearhead and leave in musical presentations, musicals and the school orchestra</li></ul></li></ul><div><div>Kindly note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	The HELP International School is part of the HELP International Corporation Berhad (HELP Group), the investment holding company for its various businesses, which are primarily in the field of education.</div>
<div>
	HELP International School is currently looking for qualified applicants who share our philosophy of education and our passion for working with children and youth.</div>
<div>
	For more details, check us out at www.his.edu.my</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/physical-education-teacher-4422228?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4422228&sectionRank=25&token=0~0ee792f1-0732-4b4e-bbe8-4b12c91acc1d&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 