---
title: "Brecon Synergy Sdn Bhd Vacancies Mandarin Teacher - Primary School" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-31 
excerpt: "Brecon Synergy Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Mandarin Teacher - Primary School which positioned at Cyberjaya" 
tags: [Cyberjaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Brecon Synergy Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Mandarin Teacher - Primary School</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB SUMMARY FOR MANDARIN TEACHER</strong></p><p>All teachers of Languages report to the Head of Languages and are expected to teach a full timetable. Experience of teaching Mandarin is a necessity for this post. We are looking for inspirational teachers who will put the students&#8217; needs first, and identify with the ethos of this new sister school in Malaysia. Teaching in the Languages will be well resourced and an important area of the academic and extra-curricular provision at KH8.</p><p><strong>CANDIDATE PROFILE</strong></p><p><strong>The successful applicant will have appropriate professional qualifications, and a clear understanding of professional expectations.</strong></p><p><strong>These include, but are not limited to:</strong></p><ul><li>being a dedicated teacher, supporting all children with their learning</li><li>demonstrating excellent subject knowledge</li><li>keeping abreast of teaching and learning developments</li><li>understanding the applications of ICT in their subject</li><li>being prepared to work with students from many nationalities</li><li>having a positive approach to working within school structures</li><li>meeting deadlines set by senior colleagues</li><li>sharing good practice</li><li>setting consistently high expectations for students</li><li>ensuring lessons are thoroughly planned and prepared</li><li>demonstrating an ability to assess and evaluate effectively</li><li>understanding and applying relevant school policies</li><li>becoming fully involved in the life of the school</li><li>taking part in the School&#8217;s staff development programme</li><li>contributing to co-curricular activities for Primary students</li><li>keeping up to date with child protection issues</li><li>undertaking any reasonable task as directed by the Head of Faculty</li><li>attend INSET training courses and taking responsibility for CPD&#160;</li><li>contributing to the marketing and promotion of the school</li></ul><p><strong>&#8203;SAFEGUARDING</strong></p><p>King Henry VIII College Malaysia is committed to the well-being of all the children in our care, and to all acknowledged Safeguarding procedures.</p><p>All teachers at the school must have up-to-date Safeguarding training and understand their safeguarding responsibilities.</p><p><strong>Closing Date for applications: January 31st</strong></p><p><strong>Short-list candidates will be contacted by : February 4th onwards</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>King Henry VIII College is a close collaboration between Christ College Brecon, one of the UK&#8217;s most ancient schools, and DBH Holdings Sdn Bhd of Malaysia. King Henry VIII College will be a fully-fledged sister school to Christ College, and replicate its structure, ethos, and achievements.</div>
<div>Christ College is an historic co-educational independent day and boarding school set in the Brecon Beacons National Park - one of the most beautiful areas of the United Kingdom.</div>
<div>King Henry VIII College will have a rather more modern, urban setting in the global tech hub that is Cyberjaya - a rapidly-developing planned township, mid-way between Kuala Lumpur City Centre and KL International Airport. &#160;</div>
<div>The success of Christ College&#8217;s first international venture will be down to the quality and dedication of its staff and have a vital role in setting the tone at the school, and ensuring the school establishes itself successfully in Malaysia and South East Asia.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Cyberjaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/mandarin-teacher-primary-school-4452646?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4452646&sectionRank=8&token=0~ee65aeea-ed27-4edf-bed3-26f889517ae3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 