---
title: "The University of Nottingham in Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant or Associate Professor in School of Psychology" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-02 
excerpt: "The University of Nottingham in Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant or Associate Professor in School of Psychology which positioned at Semenyih" 
tags: [Semenyih] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>The University of Nottingham in Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant or Associate Professor in School of Psychology</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>All applications will be treated in strict confidence and only shortlisted candidate will be notified.</strong></div><div>*Pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Act 2010, you are advised to read and understand our Notice and Choice Principle Document which is posted in our website at www.nottingham.edu.my/jobs. By submitting your detailed resume, you declare that you have read, understood and accepted our Notice and Choice Principle Document and have consented to providing your sensitive personal data to be processed by us.</div><div>The School&#8217;s research interests cover an array of areas with an emphasis on Cognitive Psychology and Neuroscience. We have laboratories equipped with high-quality research facilities, including eye tracking, EEG, and TMS. Further information about the School&#8217;s research profile is available on our website; https://www.nottingham.edu.my/Psychology/index.aspx.</div><div>The <strong>School of Psychology</strong> at the Malaysia Campus of the University of Nottingham is looking to recruit members of staff at the <strong>Assistant or Associate Professor</strong> level. We seek for talented individuals with a proven record of research and teaching with expertise in any area of experimental psychology or cognitive neuroscience. We would, however, like to encourage individuals with an interest in developmental disorders, using EEG and/or TMS in their research, or cross-cultural research to apply for the positions.</div><div><strong>General Duties:</strong></div><div>The post holder will be expected to contribute to academic activities through the delivery of high-quality teaching, supervision, and research, and they will be required to undertake administrative work and/or management functions as required and to generally assist with the efficient and effective running of the School of Psychology and wider Faculty and University. The position will involve working closely with colleagues at the UK School and opportunities for travel to the UK may be provided.</div><div><strong>Duties will include:</strong></div><ul><li>Research;</li><li>Supervision;</li><li>Administration;</li><li>Teaching through lectures, practical classes and tutorial seminars;</li><li>Project supervision as directed by the Head of School.</li></ul><div>To be successful in this position, <strong>the candidate should have</strong>:</div><ul><li>PhD in Psychology or a relevant discipline;</li><li>Evidence of student-centered tertiary teaching in Psychology or a relevant discipline;</li><li>Excellent spoken English;</li><li>Excellent interpersonal skills, incorporating written and oral communication skills, time management, organizational, ICT literacy, and administrative skills;</li><li>Proven teaching experience in the Higher Education sector;&#183;</li><li>Ability to engage and retain the interest and enthusiasm of students and inspire them to learn.</li></ul><div>All applications will be treated in strict confidence and only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>The University of Nottingham Malaysia (UNM) is described by The Times Good University Guide 2015 as &#8220;the nearest Britain has to a truly global university, with campuses in China and Malaysia modelled on a headquarters that is among the most attractive in Britain&#8221;</div>
<div><br>
UNM opened in September 2000 and became the first British university to set up a campus both outside of the UK, in Malaysia and China, earning The University of Nottingham the Queen's Award for Industry (International Trade) 2006. In 2017, We were awarded with a 5-star rating for the quality of its research and innovation, making it among the highest rated international university in Malaysia in The Malaysia Research Assessment (MyRA).</div>
<div>Designed to reflect University Park Campus in Nottingham, Malaysia campus is a self-contained, vibrant village situated on an attractive and landscaped 125-acre site. In Malaysia, the University has about 5,000 students and around 700 teaching and administrative staff from all over the world.<br>
The University of Nottingham is placed 82nd in the world by the latest 2019 QS World University Rankings.<br>
The University of Nottingham is proud of its international reputation for world changing research, a reputation which extends across all of our campuses. We were rated No. 8 for research power in the latest Research Excellence Framework.</div>
<div><br>
Our programmes are identical to those offered at The University of Nottingham in the UK and follow the same quality assurance processes, and students are awarded University of Nottingham degree certificates when they complete their course.</div>
<div><br>
<strong>Find out more www.nottingham.edu.my.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Semenyih. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-or-associate-professor-in-school-of-psychology-4411738?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4411738&sectionRank=17&token=0~c1ef67b1-98e9-4a58-8956-7191eb4b39b4&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 