---
title: "Nexus International School Malaysia Vacancies Teacher (Secondary Maths)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-16 
excerpt: "Nexus International School Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Teacher (Secondary Maths) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Nexus International School Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Teacher (Secondary Maths)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><div><strong>Pedagogy</strong></div><div>&#8226; Apply the most up to date, research-based strategies to address the needs of diverse learners.<br>&#8226; Plan, develop and deliver rigorous learning experiences that address learners with a variety of language and learning needs (including autism, global delay, English as an additional language, dyslexia etc. as well as highly academic learners).<br>&#8226; Use assessment effectively to support learning.<br>&#8226; Create learning situations where skills, content and tasks are relevant, realistic and authentic.<br>&#8226; Use a variety of teaching strategies to maximise learning for all.<br>&#8226; Use ICT to enhance learning to support collaboration, content creation and communication.<br>&#8226; Use inclusive strategies so that all learners can access the curriculum and make progress.<br>&#8226; Support learners to set their own goals and objectives<br>&#8226; Promote self regulation and independent learning</div><div><strong>Curriculum and Subject Knowledge</strong></div><div>&#8226; Demonstrate excellent subject knowledge.<br>&#8226; Demonstrate a high level of relevant curriculum knowledge.<br>&#8226; Base planning and assessment on the learning goals of the curriculum and the competencies and mindset as defined by the Nexus philosophy.<br>&#8226; Contribute to the whole school curriculum and monitoring processes.Collaborate with colleagues to plan curriculum delivery.</div><div><strong>Assesment and Record Keeping</strong></div><div>&#8226; Assess learners as required by examination bodies, departmental and school procedures.</div><div>&#8226; Prepare and present informative reports to parents and other stakeholders as required.</div><div><strong>Promoting and Participating in Learning Communities and Professional Development</strong></div><div>&#8226; Engage in personal learning and professional development.</div><div>&#8226; Actively engage in the Teacher Performance Assurance Process.<br>&#8226; Display a passion for teaching and learning by sharing ideas and innovating.<br>&#8226; Seek feedback from others to improve learning and teaching strategies.</div><div><strong>Establishing a Culture for Learning</strong></div><div>&#8226; Promote student voice in the classroom.<br>&#8226; Develop and maintain a learning focussed classroom.<br>&#8226; Implement &#8216;restorative practice&#8217; strategies to encourage positive relationships with all.</div><div><strong>Values and Responsibilities</strong></div><div>&#8226; Be proactive in ensuring the safeguarding of all learners.<br>&#8226; Be involved in extra-curricular Activities to enhance the school experience for learners including residential excursions, CCAs and Boarding House Duty.<br>&#8226; Support learners to be successful.<br>&#8226; Engage and collaborate positively with all members of the school community.<br>&#8226; Model the skills and attitudes of a global citizen, through presentation, personal and professional conduct.<br>&#8226; Develop and foster the learners&#8217; confidence and skills to enable them to become autonomous self regulated learners.<br>&#8226; Build learning focused relationships.</div><div><strong>Other Duties and Responsibilities</strong></div><div>&#8226; Take part in marketing and liaison activities such as Open Days.<br>&#8226; Take on the role of a form tutor/mentor as required.<br>&#8226; Operate within the stated policies and practices of the school.<br>&#8226; Cooperative to ensure effective use of resources to the benefit of the school and learners.</div><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><div>&#8226; Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Education/Teaching/Traning or equivalent.</div><div>&#8226; At least 6 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</div><div>&#8226; Full time position available and <strong>start date in August 2021</strong>.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Established in 2008, <strong>NEXUS INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL MALAYSIA</strong>&#160;prides itself on its exclusive learning environment and is the first school in Malaysia to have a specific focus on personalization of learning.</div>
<div>
<strong>Nexus International School Malaysia </strong>focuses on interconnectivity, respect and internationalism. Together with state-of-the-art ICT facilities, our students learn through international curricula that take the classroom beyond the traditional four walls. Backed by over 60 years of educational experience, students are given the foundation to become the world citizens of tomorrow.</div>
<div>
	Catering for students from pre-school to Year 13, the school offers the International Primary Curriculum (IPC), IGCSE and International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma programmes. The Putrajaya campus provides state-of-the-art boarding facilities with a comprehensive pastoral care. ICT is fully integrated into the global curriculum to facilitate learning at all levels in the school, in preparing learners to become global citizens of the 21st century.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/teacher-secondary-maths-4423080?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4423080&sectionRank=19&token=0~89a5f92b-ced3-4436-88bb-1715de411ece&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 