---
title: "COSHARE HOLDINGS BERHAD Vacancies Training Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-02 
excerpt: "COSHARE HOLDINGS BERHAD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Training Manager which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>COSHARE HOLDINGS BERHAD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Training Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are looking for a Training Manager with outstanding written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills. A Training Manager is expected to be a strategic thinker with fantastic organizational and time management skills. You will have excellent research skills with the ability to multitask and adapt in a fast-paced environment.</p><p>To ensure success, Training Managers should understand the business operation and decision-making processes with a keen interest in producing targeted and tangible results by creating an effective and efficient workforce. Top candidates will be innovative, strong decision-makers and outstanding facilitators of learning and change.</p><p><strong>Training Manager Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Identify and assess the training needs of the organization through job analysis, career paths and consultation with managers.</li><li>Develop individualized and group training programs that address specific business needs.</li><li>Develop training manuals that target tangible results.</li><li>Implement effective and purposeful training methods.</li><li>Effectively manage the training budget.</li><li>Evaluate organizational performance to ensure that training is meeting business needs and improving performance.</li><li>Assess employees&#8217; skills, performance and productivity to identify areas of improvement.</li><li>Drive brand values and philosophy through all training and development activities.</li><li>Effectively communicate with team members, trainers and management.</li><li>Create a curriculum to facilitate strategic training based on the organizations goals.</li><li>Select and manage resources, including working with both internal employees and training vendors to develop and deliver training.</li><li>Manage the technologies and technical personnel required to develop, manage and deliver training.</li><li>Keep abreast of training trends, developments and best practices.</li></ul><p><strong>Training Manager Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelors degree in Human Resources or a related field (essential).</li><li>A minimum of 2 years experience in training and development management (essential).</li><li>Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills.</li><li>Superb track record in developing and executing successful training programs.</li><li>Critical thinker with innovative problem solving skills.</li><li>Highly computer literate with proficiency in MS Office and related business and communication tools.</li><li>Familiar with traditional and modern training processes.</li><li>Fantastic organizational and time management skills.</li><li>Strategic and creative mindset.</li><li>Meticulous attention to detail.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are an established and well diversified Group of Companies in Financial Services located in Kota Damansara, Petaling Jaya, Selangor. In line with our business expansion, we are seeking qualified and dedicated individual to join us for the&#160;above position.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/training-manager-4435043?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4435043&sectionRank=21&token=0~e326ce51-e675-432f-9064-750f31009504&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 