---
title: "International Schools Partnership Vacancies Senior Career and University Guidance Counsellor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-18 
excerpt: "International Schools Partnership is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Career and University Guidance Counsellor which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>International Schools Partnership is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Career and University Guidance Counsellor</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Role Description:</strong> The Senior Career and University Guidance Counsellor will be responsible for managing a small team of Career and University Guidance Counsellors to ensure positive engagement and guidance are provided to all&#160; students from Year 5 to Year 13 (9 yrs. &#8211; 18 yrs. old) on their future career and university path.</div><div><div><strong>Key Responsibility</strong></div><ul><li>Create, develop and manage a comprehensive and informative careers and university guidance resource and information centre regionally for ISP schools in Malaysia</li><li>Ensure students&#8217; progress data is captured into the career and university guidance platform system is done effectively and accurately (inc. alumni destinations)&#160;</li><li>Build effective, supportive and professional relationships with Year 5 to Year 13 (9 yrs. &#8211; 18 yrs. old) students and families to promote ISP School&#8217;s Amazing Learning and its career and university guidance curriculum and activities</li><li>To analyse and interpret relevant school data to inform policies and best practices</li><li>Engage, counsel and ensure all enquiries and concerns from students pertaining to career and university guidance curriculum are attended promptly, effectively and professionally according to protocols and best practices</li><li>Work with students from the age of 14 onwards especially SPM/Year 11 and Sixth Form&#160; students on all aspects of the university application process including writing references, letters of recommendation, and providing supporting documentation.</li><li>To keep abreast of current developments in careers and university guidance</li><li>Meet/exceed performance and service objectives while effectively managing workloads in a fast-paced environment</li><li>Effectively work as a team to plan, coordinate and execute effective campaigns that promotes career and university guidance and curriculum</li><li>Proactively provide feedback to ensure effective communication strategies, positive customer experience, and higher engagement rate</li></ul><div><br><strong>Knowledge, Abilities and Skills</strong><br>The successful candidate will possess and be able to demonstrate:</div><ul><li>Knowledge and understanding of primary and secondary school environment and experience of careers and university counselling processes (ideally with Malaysian, Australasia, and UK systems).</li><li>Have 2 years or more experience in high school counselling</li><li>Ability to understand, apply and use a variety of software applications, including sound knowledge of standard computing tools including Microsoft Office applications, on-line databases, email, and web-based research tools.</li><li>Familiarity and experience using career and university guidance software, preferred</li><li>Fluent in spoken Bahasa Malaysia and/or written Mandarin an advantage</li><li>Ability to organise and coordinate work independently and set priorities in the context of a full, multifaceted set of responsibilities.</li><li>Ability to exercise good judgment and discretion, particularly in matters relative to sensitive or confidential student records, personnel or organisational matters.</li><li>Ability to engage in self-evaluation with regard to performance and professional growth;</li><li>Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with students, staff and others</li><li>Demonstrated ability to make accurate and consistent interpretations of a broad variety of academic and/or administrative policies and procedures.</li><li>Effective analytical, critical thinking, writing and verbal communication skills</li></ul><div><strong>Required Qualifications</strong></div><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s degree from an accredited college or university</li><li>2 - 3 years&#8217; experience in career and university guidance</li><li>Strong proficiency in English (Written &amp; Spoken)</li><li>Ability to work on weekends, as needed</li></ul><div><strong>SAFEGUARDING</strong><br>We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all our staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All post holders are therefore subject to appropriate vetting procedures and satisfactory Criminal Background Checks or equivalent covering their previous employment.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<strong>International Schools Partnership</strong></div>
<div>
<b>International Schools Partnership (ISP)</b> is a fast-growing group of British, International and Local Curriculum schools around the world, aiming to be the Schools of Choice in their local areas. Learning is at the heart of everything we do for our students, colleagues, parents, and we are committed to getting better through Amazing Learning.</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-career-and-university-guidance-counsellor-4426198?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4426198&sectionRank=14&token=0~2d38553a-f94c-4e3d-b421-a4fa9c17a1a0&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 