---
title: "PSB Academy Pte Ltd Vacancies Full Time Assistant Lecturer, School of Business and Management" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-28 
excerpt: "PSB Academy Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Full Time Assistant Lecturer, School of Business and Management which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>PSB Academy Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Full Time Assistant Lecturer, School of Business and Management</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Duties and Responsibilities</strong></div><div><div><strong>Principal Accountabilities</strong></div><ul><li>Teach on short courses and academic programmes ranging from Undergraduate to Postgraduate level.</li><li>Undertake the role as a Programme Leader and Module Leader across the various programmes as assigned.</li></ul><div><br><strong>Teaching &amp; Learning</strong></div><ul><li>Take on the role as the Programme Leader and Module Leader as assigned.</li><li>Manage the team of associate lecturers including lecture induction, class observations, and conduct staff development seminars.</li><li>Design and develop high quality curriculum and course materials within the existing academic framework.</li><li>Review and ensure all coursework and exam assessments meet the intended learning outcomes of each module according to the course and module specification.</li><li>Administer the setting and marking of coursework and examination, conduct internal moderation of all coursework with marking guides and QPMS examination in alignment with the course and module specification.</li><li>Facilitate the internal moderation of all coursework and examination results in alignment with the course and module specification, before presentation to the end of term for Module/Subject Assessment Board and Program Assessment Board.</li><li>Facilitate university site visits, the university audits and program reviews.</li><li>Conduct objective assessments on coursework and examination appeal cases.</li><li>Supervise Undergraduate and Postgraduate Final Year Projects/Dissertation/Research Work and facilitate the classes/workshops as assigned.</li><li>Prepare and conduct lectures and tutorials/workshops/lab sessions/studio sessions as assigned (including overseas if required).</li><li>Review the student module evaluation and conduct the student focus groups or Student-Staff Liaison meetings.</li><li>Engage in student development by providing strong learning support and monitoring of students&#8217; academic performances.</li><li>Advise students with respect to academic performance, career opportunities, and pursuit of advanced studies.</li><li>Develop online learning strategies with a duality of pedagogical functions (online learning, blended learning).</li><li>Support or lead the projects in setting up with new or existing partner University or industry partner, and to prepare the documentation needed for the approval process.</li></ul><div><strong>Research &amp; Knowledge Exchange</strong></div><ul><li>Expected to have research skills and familiar with SPSS, R, Excel, NVIVO, Novi Survey and other statistical modelling and online survey software.</li><li>Expected to have knowledge and understanding of e-learning platforms.</li></ul><br><div><strong>Teamworking</strong></div><ul><li>Review and approve teaching assignments as proposed by programme executives.</li><li>Extend and enhance the work of the department by promoting programmes and encouraging staff to develop innovative approaches to activities such as student recruitment and retention.</li><li>Attend department and programme meetings in order to contribute to the decision making process and to develop productive working relationships within and across teams.&#160;</li></ul><div>&#8203;</div><div><br><strong>Miscellaneous duties</strong></div><ul><li>Other administrative duties/projects as assigned by Reporting Officer.</li><li>Participate in the school&#8217;s events, marketing campaigns and projects.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Job Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Minimium Master degree (At least a pass at GCE &#8216;O&#8217; level or its equivalent in the language medium of the programme/module.)</li><li>1-2 years of teaching experience preferred.</li><li>Experience or knowledge of module and/or programme leadership, development and administration within a higher education environment.</li><li>Can teach in various business disciplines but not limited to Global Logistics, Digital Marketing, Human Resource &amp; Psychology, Marketing Research, Digital Analytics, Accounting, Financial Planning, Information Technology, Media Communications as well as Hospitality &amp; Law.</li><li>Evidence of engagement in professional practice and the ability to design, deliver and assess a range of modules in and related to specialist areas of professional practice.</li><li>Professional certification such as Google certification will be an added advantage.</li><li>Teaching qualifications, e.g. Advanced Certificate in Training and Assessment (ACTA), Advanced Certificate in Learning and Performance (ACLP) and Diploma in Adult and Continuing Education (DACE) will be an added advantage.</li><li>Experience in new programme development and managing university programmes (UK /Australia/America).</li><li>Enthusiasm in working in an interdisciplinary context.</li><li>Evidence of commitment to continuing professional development.</li><li>Experience in working with digital technology including an interest in emerging technology and techniques and maintaining an active interest in related developments within the sector.</li><li>Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.</li><li>Good people skills and ability to handle difficult situations, lead and motivate people.</li><li>Ability to work as part of a wider team involving senior managers.</li><li>Forward and outlooking approach to the profession.</li><li>An understanding of the changing landscape within the education sector nationally and internationally.</li><li>Willing to work shift hours (e.g. evenings and/or weekends).</li></ul><div>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>About PSB Academy</strong></div>
<div>Once known as Singapore&#8217;s Productivity and Standards Board, PSB Academy is known today as &#8220;The Future Academy&#8221;, with an approach to education that focuses on what really matters: performance in the New Economy. In 2017, the Academy was conferred &#8220;Education Institution of the Year&#8221; by APAC Insider and earned 2 consecutive Singapore Business Review National Business Awards in 2017/18 in the Education category for outstanding work in the region. Today, we host over 12,000 students from over 50 nationalities with our slate of certificate, diploma, degree and short courses every year. PSB Academy is situated at two campuses in Singapore: PSB Academy City Campus at Marina Square and PSB Academy STEM Campus at Toa Payoh. Learn more at: www.psb-academy.edu.sg.</div>
<div>If you wish to inspire the next generation of leaders for the future economy, and are committed in supporting the development of talent in a reputable, well-established institution, explore a career with PSB Academy. Please send your updated resume to us via APPLY NOW.</div>
<div>If there are no suitable positions at this point of time, we welcome you to deposit your resume with us. We will contact you directly should we find a match with any of our job vacancies in the future. Thank you.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/full-time-assistant-lecturer-school-of-business-and-management-8255900/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8255900&sectionRank=17&token=0~1578409d-4774-4159-8ab1-25ba29b64ede&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 