---
title: "IRFIGO MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. Vacancies Full Time Lecturer- Illustration" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-17 
excerpt: "IRFIGO MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Full Time Lecturer- Illustration which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>IRFIGO MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Full Time Lecturer- Illustration</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>The lecturer should have an in-depth understanding of Illustration as a specialism to help with the development of new knowledge and understanding both within the field of Illustration practice and in theory. You should have good all round technical skills and have experience working in one or more areas of Illustration will&#160;be an added advantage (for example in 2D/3D animation).&#160;</p><p>You will be responsible for teaching the undergraduate and certificate programmes. This includes planning and delivery of lectures, workshops, tutorials and seminars/workshop etc. You will be encouraged to help develop and assist the programme according to MQA compliance and to draw on your own expertise and knowledge to enhance the student experience. You will be required to work in a team and also on your own.</p><p>Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>Lecturer is to conduct class&#8217;s lecture, tutorial and any other means of facilitating the learning of students</li><li>Responsible for the quality of teaching delivery and to ensure that standards are maintain or improve</li><li>Preparing all teaching materials, including lesson plans, student&#8217;s notes, assignment brief etc&#8230;</li><li>Attendance check and management</li><li>Examining duties, in preparing and marking student&#8217;s assessment and reassessment (if got)</li><li>Assessing student work and to provide written feedback that provides guidance for the student</li><li>Recording student&#8217;s assessment result</li><li>Writing a full fledge report on the lesson taught based on the requirement of MQA</li><li>Working with the Head of Programme in developing the course module</li><li>Monitoring of the students report progress in terms of student&#8217;s academic performance and attendance</li><li>Undertake administrative responsibilities such as attending meeting, participate in committees and working groups, and contribute in school activities within the School</li></ul><p>Requirements:</p><ul><li><strong>At least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Illustration or equivalent.</strong></li><li><strong>At least 2&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</strong></li><li>Experience as an illustrator or Visual Communicator</li><li>Excellent knowledge&#160;in illustration.</li><li>Excellent&#160;all round technical skills, a range of materials and processes.</li><li>&#160;Ability to plan and manage your own workload.</li><li>Ability to work within a team.</li></ul><p><strong>Interested candidates are required to submit their CV with portfolio of latest work. Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Irfigo Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is the result of a collaborative effort between Malaysia company and Japan&#8217;s Nippon Designers School to bring Japanese education to Malaysia.</div>
<div>Established in 1965, Nippon Designers School is a Japanese design college offering courses such as illustration, manga, photography and more. With 2 branches situated in Tokyo and Fukuoka, NDS has continued to educate its students for more than 50 years.</div>
<div>Now, Nippon Designer School wish to start up a college in Malaysia to nurture professionals who has the ability to integrate many different cultures, innovate and change the nation&#8217;s creative industry.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/full-time-lecturer-illustration-4432533?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4432533&sectionRank=12&token=0~45a4a9a4-9228-49ff-9f59-0f7d4a05def7&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 