---
title: "The University of Nottingham in Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Head of School; School of English" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-13 
excerpt: "The University of Nottingham in Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of School; School of English which positioned at Semenyih" 
tags: [Semenyih] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>The University of Nottingham in Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of School; School of English</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><p>The <strong>Head of School</strong> is required to lead, manage and develop the School to ensure it achieves the highest possible standards of excellence in all of its activities. The HoS will be supported by the Dean of Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, and by colleagues from within the department, Faculty and Central Administration. As both senior manager and an academic leader within the University, the Head of School has overall responsibility for teaching, research and the strategic direction of the School of English.</p><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>To teach Beginning Creative Writing, Poetry and Prose, and Advanced Writing Practice to undergraduate students.</li><li>To teach Poetry: Form and Context, Fiction: Form and Context, Creative Writing Techniques, and Creative Writing Workshop to postgraduate students.</li><li>To supervise Creative Writing and Literature dissertations for undergraduate and graduate students.</li><li>To help raise the research profile and scores of the School of English by publishing annually.</li><li>To do administrative duties related to teaching (assessment, standardisation, lesson preparation, report writing, attendance at regular course and school meetings) and attend recruitment and marketing fairs organised by UNM.</li><li>To teach literature modules to both UG and PG students.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>BA and MA; PhD in Literature or Creative Writing, or equivalent experience of poetry or fiction publication with international publishing houses.</li><li>Write and publish creative writing works</li><li>Well versed in the writing of poems, short stories, novels and drama.</li><li>Have passionate belief in the value of higher education and the pursuit of excellence in both teaching and research.</li><li>More than 8 years years silimar working experience and has held leadership position in a School of English or similar.</li><li>Web/ IT literate.</li><li>Experience as an administrator in an academic setting.</li><li>Experience of delivering online teaching and learning.</li></ul><p><strong>The Head of School candidate will ideally demonstrate:</strong></p><ul><li>Strong academic record and standing to command credibility in a research-led institution;</li><li>Intellectual ability and with importance on skills and aptitude, have a very good understanding of the academic disciplines within the department;&#160;</li><li>Strategic vision, decision-making ability and a collegial management style;</li><li>Ability to exercise leadership, demonstrate vision and empower others in order to deliver agreed School strategy and portfolios within the Faculty;&#160;</li><li>A record of successful leadership within a complex and diverse organisation;</li><li>The personal presence to be the public face of the School of English and University of Nottingham Malaysia both within Malaysia and internationally; and</li><li>Commitment to maintaining high ethical standards in all academic and external engagement dealings.</li></ul><p><em>All applications will be treated in strict confidence and only shortlisted candidate will be notified.</em></p><p>*Pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Act 2010, you are advised to read and understand our Notice and Choice Principle Document which is posted in our website at www.nottingham.edu.my/jobs. By submitting your detailed resume, you declare that you have read, understood and accepted our Notice and Choice Principle Document and have consented to providing your sensitive personal data to be processed by us.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>The University of Nottingham Malaysia (UNM) is described by The Times Good University Guide 2015 as &#8220;the nearest Britain has to a truly global university, with campuses in China and Malaysia modelled on a headquarters that is among the most attractive in Britain&#8221;</div>
<div><br>
UNM opened in September 2000 and became the first British university to set up a campus both outside of the UK, in Malaysia and China, earning The University of Nottingham the Queen's Award for Industry (International Trade) 2006. In 2017, We were awarded with a 5-star rating for the quality of its research and innovation, making it among the highest rated international university in Malaysia in The Malaysia Research Assessment (MyRA).</div>
<div>Designed to reflect University Park Campus in Nottingham, Malaysia campus is a self-contained, vibrant village situated on an attractive and landscaped 125-acre site. In Malaysia, the University has about 5,000 students and around 700 teaching and administrative staff from all over the world.<br>
The University of Nottingham is placed 82nd in the world by the latest 2019 QS World University Rankings.<br>
The University of Nottingham is proud of its international reputation for world changing research, a reputation which extends across all of our campuses. We were rated No. 8 for research power in the latest Research Excellence Framework.</div>
<div><br>
Our programmes are identical to those offered at The University of Nottingham in the UK and follow the same quality assurance processes, and students are awarded University of Nottingham degree certificates when they complete their course.</div>
<div><br>
<strong>Find out more www.nottingham.edu.my.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Semenyih. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-school;-school-of-english-4432790?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4432790&sectionRank=2&token=0~5bd0d02e-2b93-4f50-9100-3ef2e8bf1b00&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 