---
title: "DHL eCommerce (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Trainer and SOP Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-27 
excerpt: "DHL eCommerce (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Trainer and SOP Specialist which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DHL eCommerce (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Trainer and SOP Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>We are currently seeking for a <strong>Trainer and SOP Specialist </strong>to join our DHL eCommerce Solutions based in Puchong, Malaysia.</div><div>The Trainer and SOP Specialist will be responsible for end-to-end training management for Operations including training needs analysis, training plans, designs &amp; development, procedures and processes, and to conduct trainings via workshops, one-on-one sessions and on-the-job training. He/ She will also be responsible in creating and updating Standard Operations Procedures and Work Instructions.</div><div><strong>Essential Responsibilities and Duties:</strong></div><ul><li>Build training document, build training master plan, training procedures, user manual and policies to enhance training quality.</li><li>Develop and manage the training program, training budget to perform effectively.</li><li>Conduct training courses in Operations users and develops strategic policies, procedures and responsibilities for the operations training department of a company. The job involves implementing a company&#8217;s operations training efforts via workshops, one-on-one sessions and on-the-job training.</li><li>Maintain quality standards by evaluating feedback on trainings and initiating corrective actions.</li><li>Manages and consolidates the local training needs for trainings, trainer capacity, cost calculation and training calendar.</li><li>Measure training effectiveness towards benefit outcomes in organization business development.</li><li>Develop the internal trainer&#8217;s crew to meet the internal training demands.</li><li>Liaise with Regional Team on new updates regarding system and Operations Process in order to conduct refresh training for users.</li><li>To join BAT testing in every update of OPS system: MIRROR, LMP.</li><li>Develops performance improvement training to support company goals.</li><li>Maintain &amp; Update Ops SOP &amp; WI (document Control).</li><li>Perform audit during depot/hub visit to make sure all personal to following SOP</li></ul><div><br><strong>Requirement:</strong></div><ul><li>Minimum bachelor's degree certification.</li><li>At least 4-5 year experience in Training or related.</li><li>Experience in Logistic Industry; Operation filed. Prior operations training experience is preferred.</li><li>Good communication, computer, organizational, project management, analytical and interpersonal skill.</li><li>Proven strategic thinking, critical influencing.</li><li>Strong motivation skills, negotiation, presentation skills.</li><li>Willing to Travel</li><li>Good knowledge of courier / express shipment management and delivery process flow</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	DHL is present in over 220 countries and territories across the globe, making it the most international company in the world. With a workforce exceeding 380,000 employees, we provide solutions for an almost infinite number of logistics needs.&#160;<br>
<br>
	DHL is part of the world&#8217;s leading postal and logistics company Deutsche Post DHL Group, and encompasses the business units DHL Express, DHL Post &amp; Parcel, DHL eCommerce Solutions, DHL Global Forwarding, Freight and DHL Supply Chain.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/trainer-and-sop-specialist-4431324?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4431324&sectionRank=19&token=0~8414038d-d86e-4b05-8c6b-a1066d420f22&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 