---
title: "CHARTERHOUSE MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD. Vacancies Admissions Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-13 
excerpt: "CHARTERHOUSE MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Admissions Executive which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CHARTERHOUSE MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Admissions Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Main Duties and Responsibilities</strong>&#160;</div><div><strong>1: To increase the number of students in school</strong></div><ul><li>To promptly attend to all enquiries by prospective parents about the School, its&#8217; facilities and programmes.</li><li>Handle walk in enquiries and conduct a school tour with them.</li><li>Handle telephone and email enquiries from prospective students, their parents and guardians in a timely and professional manner</li><li>Attend to all admissions enquiries and be responsible for all aspects of the admissions policies and processes, including conducting admissions tests and preparation of offer letters.</li><li>Check and verify the fee classification of applicants and cross check the payment status with the Finance Department</li><li>Execute the admissions strategy and key initiatives related to student enrolment.</li><li>Work closely with the academic and administrative team to market school events and provide input to publications.</li><li>Support and attend exhibitions and roadshows on a rotation basis</li><li>Recruitment event planning and coordination with all suppliers, contractors etc.</li><li>Maintain relationships with local agencies and feeder schools to promote ties with the local community.</li><li>Conduct cold calling from the leads and nurture them to another level</li><li>Remain professional, calm and composed with difficult parents, students and visitors.</li></ul><div><strong>2: To promote student retention</strong></div><ul><li>To promptly attend to all enquiries by existing parents and students about the School</li><li>Handle walk in enquiries from existing parents and students</li><li>Handle telephone and email enquiries from existing students, their parents and guardian in a timely and professional manner</li><li>Execute the admissions strategy and key initiatives related to student enrolment.</li><li>Support and attend school events and activities on a rotational basis</li><li>To remain composed with difficult parents, students and visitors. Must remain professional and positive at all times.</li></ul><div><strong>3: Ensure admissions processes are professionally and systemically run with accurate reporting procedures</strong></div><ul><li>Follow the Charterhouse admissions process and procedure.</li><li>Provide customer-focused admissions and student recruitment processes and make enrolment as easy as possible.</li><li>Update the student database and track student enquiries, registration, offer and new enrolment figure systemically.</li><li>Provide input into admissions reports so the school can report on admissions process accurately.</li><li>Plan the production and distribution of publicity materials within the Reception Area.</li><li>Manage the admissions processing of a portfolio of programmes in close liaison with academic departments, applying agreed criteria to make decisions consistently and fairly</li><li>Advise the potential for the Students Visa &amp; Guardian Visa documentation requirements from Putrajaya &amp; Immigration Department.</li><li>Ensure that correct procedures are followed when dealing with the level applied and assist potential parents with the Admissions process and Fees.</li><li>Assist with the monitoring and updating of all information relating to admissions in iSams.</li><li>Prepare and update the Enrolment and Availability for each level.</li><li>Update Student Statistics weekly.</li></ul><div><strong>4: Feedback and Parent Liaison</strong></div><ul><li>As one of the first points of contact for feedback on the school from existing parents to collect feedback from parents and guardians received both verbally and non-verbally.</li><li>To communicate feedback from parents in a systematic manner to various stake holders and to follow up to ensure parents receive a response from school in a timely manner.</li><li>To take up position at the school front desk and shop on a rotational basis</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications</strong>&#160;&amp; <strong>Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Educated to degree level</li><li>Qualification in Marketing and Communications or other business and service-related area.&#160;</li><li>Minimum 2-3 years solid admissions and service experience preferably in the education sector</li><li>Proficiency in various social and video platforms preferred (Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube, Etc.)</li><li>Proficient in MS Office Word, Excel and PowerPoint</li><li>Good command of both written and spoken English</li><li>Fluency in Mandarin / Cantonese</li><li>A positive, flexible, &#8216;can do&#8217; attitude to professional duties.&#160;</li><li>A genuine love for&#160;working in an education environment.&#160;</li><li>Excellent standards of personal presentation.&#160;</li><li>An appreciation of the importance of regular attendance and punctuality.&#160;</li><li>Enjoyment of working in a positive, collaborative team environment with the values of honesty,&#160;integrity&#160;and mutual support at the core.&#160;</li><li>An enthusiasm for engaging with diverse cultures tempered only with high levels of patience and adaptability&#160;</li><li>Strong multi-tasker with attention to detail, eager to learn and willing to take responsibility</li><li>A growth mindset</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>Charterhouse&#8239;Hartamas&#8239;is&#160;looking for an Admissons Executive to join our founding team in Kuala&#8239;Lumpur, Malaysia. This&#8239;role presents a&#8239;rare&#8239;opportunity for an outstanding&#8239;practitioner to contribute towards the success of a highly progressive,&#8239;future focused school, with a supportive leadership team who want to see you develop and succeed.&#8239;&#160;</div>
<div>Charterhouse Asia schools&#8217;&#160;pedagogical approach emphasises&#8239;imagination, discovery, and learning by doing.&#8239;Supporting students&#8239;as they study&#8239;towards A-level qualifications. The Admissions Executive leads on admissions activities to deliver enrolment and retention targets and increase brand awareness and loyalty. The post holder is responsible for supporting the Admissions and Marketing Manager in matters relating to admissions, marketing and communications.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/admissions-executive-4423306?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4423306&sectionRank=2&token=0~7fe65c0e-1b76-4369-9e78-224ffd2bd795&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 