---
title: "MHS ADVISORY SDN. BHD. Vacancies INHOUSE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT TRAINER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-29 
excerpt: "MHS ADVISORY SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the INHOUSE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT TRAINER which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MHS ADVISORY SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>INHOUSE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT TRAINER</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>INHOUSE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT TRAINER</strong></div><ul><li>Assisted in developing new training material for corporation to enhance development of training programs throughout region.</li><li>Spearheaded organization-wide goal attainment through creating and delivering focused training programs to diverse professionals nationwide.</li><li>Delivered and implemented training programs for new hires/inbound &amp; outbound sales/customer repair and collections training.</li><li>Performed needs analysis, designed, developed, implemented and evaluated retail training programs.</li><li>Attended all required meetings and participate in any upgrade testing while making upgrade modifications to the training materials.</li><li>Designed new training materials to increase knowledge, develop skill, and gain long term performance.</li><li>Developed and delivered training materials and resources to advance internal and external partner sales team skills.</li><li>Developed, managed and distributed training materials for entire office.</li><li>Maintained, updated &amp; created training materials &amp; support documents to ensure consistency with marketplace realities &amp; trends.</li><li>Created bridge of training materials for experienced and new employees.</li><li>Freelance position</li></ul><div><strong>EXPERIENCE</strong></div><ul><li>Minimum 2 years of experience in capital markets, liquidity risk ,preferably in Risk, Treasury, funding-related or regulatory functions years .</li><li><strong>Experiance in Teaching or Training before.</strong></li><li>Interest in financial markets and risk management, motivated by learning and continuous improvement</li><li>Good understanding of market risk models (VaR, stress testing, liquidity and concentration risk measures etc)</li><li>Experience with commodities, FX and equities markets is a plus</li><li>Have deep knowledge in Stocks, Fx, Commodities, MT4, MT5 platform.</li></ul><div><strong>EDUCATION</strong></div><ul><li>Bachelor in Financial Economics , investment management, Economics and any related to fields .</li></ul><div><strong>SKILLS</strong></div><ul><li>Sales Goals, Product Knowledge ,Training Materials</li><li><div>Communication, Training Programs ,</div></li><li>Strong verbal and written communication skills</li><li>Ability to interact with and build relationships with people from different departments and levels of seniority</li></ul><div><strong>SALARY</strong></div><ul><li>Salary can be higher as result as negotiation</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>MHS ADVISORY is a Training Centre&#160; providing its Clients with direct Knowledge to the major world stock and currency markets. Our Company is built by talented people who continually deliver our high levels of service. Together, we not only deliver a great trading experience for our Clients, but we also create a great Company to work for.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/inhouse-financial-instrument-trainer-4433175?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4433175&sectionRank=6&token=0~8172a3b8-6206-44e4-9f7c-32dbef37ae03&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 