---
title: "TENBY SCHOOLS PENANG Vacancies Science Specialist - Part Time (International School)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-09 
excerpt: "TENBY SCHOOLS PENANG is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Science Specialist - Part Time (International School) which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>TENBY SCHOOLS PENANG is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Science Specialist - Part Time (International School)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>We are looking for suitably qualified, inspirational and experienced Science Teacher with a strong focus in science to join our forward thinking and dynamic teaching team that provides quality teaching and learning for our students &#8211; commencing January 2021. We will need you to offer general science to Key Stage 3 students of a range of abilities, and IGCSE/AS/A Level, specializing in biology and/or chemistry. You will be supported by strong leadership, systems and an outstanding professional development program.</div><div>The ideal candidate is one who is resourceful and innovative in teaching approach.&#160; You are important in maintaining a high standard of teaching, inspire the students to be actively interested in the subjects and continue to drive up performance.</div><div><br><strong>Who are Tenby Schools Penang?</strong></div><div>We are one of the biggest school groups in South East Asia with over 5000 students attending Tenby schools every day across Malaysia. We are also part of the International Schools Partnership (ISP), a leading International Educational company based in London with 45 schools across the world. This is a worldwide family with sister schools in Spain, UK, Mexico, Costa Rica, USA, Dubai and UAE.</div><div>We have a proven track record of staff development and good quality teaching and learning. We are unique because we have a Private Malaysian School and International School on the same campus and we are truly integrated.</div><div>Tenby Penang is one of the leading schools on the island of Penang and we have celebrated our best ever IGCSE and A level results this academic year.&#160; Find out more on our website (www.tenby.edu.my/penang) and our social media sites.</div><div><br><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in science with teaching qualification, PGCE/Diploma in Education OR</li><li>Relevant degree with the ambition to continue with teaching qualifications at Tenby.</li><li>Good command of the English Language.</li><li>Teaching experience required preferably in an international school context covering General Science.&#160; Possess excellent subject knowledge and sound understanding of the English National Curriculum.</li><li>Good social and analytical skills and be able to communicate information to students and respond to their inquiries in the most effective manner.</li><li>Reflective individual who is committed to life-long learning and development</li></ul><div><strong>In helping you with the next career level, we will provide you:</strong></div><ul><li>Continuous professional development</li><li>Guidance and mentoring (to help you reach your fullest potential and further develop your teaching expertise and soft skills)</li><li>You will be surrounded by highly dedicated and helpful colleagues</li></ul><div><br><strong>How this career will benefit you?</strong></div><ul><li>You will have the exposure and opportunity to build your portfolio as an educator in one of the booming education sectors.</li><li>Enjoy hands-on in educating new generation.</li><li>Make a significant difference in the world by touching the lives of students.</li><li>Continuously learning about and incorporating new trends in the field of teaching.</li><li>Opportunities for international education - pursue higher teaching qualifications with support from the school.</li></ul><div><br><strong>How to Apply?</strong></div><ul><li>Interested applicants are required to upload cover letter together with your full curriculum vitae.</li></ul><div><div>For more information about Tenby Schools please visit our website at www.tenby.edu.my.</div><div><strong>Safer Recruitment</strong><br>The school is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All post holders are subject to appropriate vetting procedures and satisfactory Criminal Background Checks or equivalent covering the previous 10 years employment history.</div><div><strong>Safeguarding</strong><br>The school works with relevant agencies to establish and maintain systems to protect children. We are responsible for ensuring the welfare, health and well-being of all children and young people. We create a vigilant organisational culture which monitors and prioritises the safeguarding of children and young people above all considerations.</div><div>(Please check your Junk Folder for emails and add tenby.edu.my to your safe senders list. We thank all applicants for their expressed interest. However, only applicants short-listed for an interview will be notified.)</div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Tenby Schools Penang is a member of the Tenby Schools group, a rapidly expanding group of integrated schools comprising an international and a Malaysian private school on most of our campuses.&#160; Having started in Ipoh, there are now also Tenby Schools in Penang, Setia Eco Park in Shah Alam, Setia Eco Gardens in Johor Bahru, Setia Ecohill in Semenyih and Tropicana Aman in Kota Kemuning.</div>
<div>
		Our vision is &#8220;A United World At Peace &#8211; Through Education&#8221; and is shared by all our schools.&#160; We are dedicated to bring together students from different cultures and nationalities and educate them to become the global citizens of the future &#8211;young people with respect for one another, confidence in themselves and the determination to become outstanding achievers.</div>
<div>
<strong>Tenby Schools Penang</strong> began life as a local kindergarten and a private school, with Tenby International school (TIS), Penang being established in 2007.&#160; In 2011, the school moved into its current location, a purpose-built campus conveniently located in Tanjung Bungah.&#160; The school complex is equipped with modern facilities, supported by a strong faculty of teaching staff.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/science-specialist-part-time-international-school-4419060?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4419060&sectionRank=10&token=0~6ffc1593-e57c-4ea3-9cd4-7b242577603c&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 