---
title: "PSB Academy Pte Ltd Vacancies Full Time Lecturer, School of Postgraduate Studies" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-13 
excerpt: "PSB Academy Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Full Time Lecturer, School of Postgraduate Studies which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>PSB Academy Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Full Time Lecturer, School of Postgraduate Studies</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Main Duties and Responsibiities</strong></div><div><strong>1. Principal Accountabilities</strong><br>Teach on programmes ranging from PostGraduate Diploma and Postgraduate level that fall within the School of Postgraduate Studies.</div><div><strong>2. Key Tasks- Teaching &amp; Learning</strong></div><ul><li>Prepare and conduct lectures and tutorials/workshops/seminars to PostGraduate Diploma and Postgraduate students (including overseas if required).</li><li>Provide necessary supervision to Postgraduate Diploma final and Postgraduate research projects.</li><li>Administer the setting and marking of coursework and examination.</li><li>Ensure that teaching loads are met as required.</li><li>Review and ensure the quality of examination papers under area(s) of specialisation.</li><li>Manage the moderation of examination results.</li><li>Conduct objective assessments on examination appeal cases.</li><li>Engage in student development by providing strong learning support and monitoring of students&#8217; academic performance.</li><li>Advise students with respect to academic performance, career opportunities, and pursuit of advanced studies.</li><li>Design and develop high-quality curriculum and course materials as well as blended learning within the existing academic framework.</li></ul><div><strong>Key Tasks- Teaching &amp; Learning</strong></div><ul><li>Provide evidence of excellence in teaching.</li><li>Able to use e-learning platforms such as Blackboard.</li><li>Participate in formal networks; build relationships with external agencies and contacts in order to identify sources of funding and engage in collaborative work or projects that will generate income and enhance the reputation of PSB Academy.</li></ul><div><strong>Key Tasks- Teamworking</strong></div><ul><li>Review and approve teaching assignments as proposed by programme executives.</li><li>Contribute to departmental operational decision making; to encourage the achievement of goals by setting an example, working flexibly with colleagues in the school and within PSB Academy.</li><li>Extend and enhance the work of the department by promoting programmes and encouraging staff to develop innovative approaches to activities such as student recruitment and retention.</li><li>Coordinate and plan assessment deadlines and specific teaching arrangements; ensure student needs and expectations are met, and that time and resources are used effectively.</li><li>Attend department and programme meetings in order to contribute to the decision-making process and to develop productive working relationships within and across teams.</li><li>Provide advice or input to contribute to the decision making within the module and/or programme areas.</li><li>Provide leadership to Academics who are working within the module areas and make independent decisions on matters that impact the work team.</li><li>Be the point of contact for all staff involved in the module, and display the School&#8217;s commitment to enhance the student learning experience at PSB Academy.</li><li>Collaborate with stakeholders in carrying out long-term planning to ensure the relevance of the module.</li></ul><div><strong>3. Miscellaneous duties&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>Other administrative duties/projects as assigned by Reporting Officer.</li></ul><div><strong>Other Requirements</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Master Degree/Doctorate/PhD</strong></li><li>3-4 years of teaching or relevant experience particularly in<strong> Marketing, Entrepreneurship and Strategic Managemen</strong>t.</li><li>Candidates with proven teaching experience will be given preference.</li><li>Strong time management and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Possess experience and administrative skills in managing modules.</li><li>Willing to work outside office hours (7pm to 10pm) and weekends to run classes for Part-Time students.</li><li>Short-term overseas workshop / seminar delivery</li></ul><div>We regret that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>About PSB Academy</strong></div>
<div>Once known as Singapore&#8217;s Productivity and Standards Board, PSB Academy is known today as &#8220;The Future Academy&#8221;, with an approach to education that focuses on what really matters: performance in the New Economy. In 2017, the Academy was conferred &#8220;Education Institution of the Year&#8221; by APAC Insider and earned 2 consecutive Singapore Business Review National Business Awards in 2017/18 in the Education category for outstanding work in the region. Today, we host over 12,000 students from over 50 nationalities with our slate of certificate, diploma, degree and short courses every year. PSB Academy is situated at two campuses in Singapore: PSB Academy City Campus at Marina Square and PSB Academy STEM Campus at Toa Payoh. Learn more at: www.psb-academy.edu.sg.</div>
<div>If you wish to inspire the next generation of leaders for the future economy, and are committed in supporting the development of talent in a reputable, well-established institution, explore a career with PSB Academy. Please send your updated resume to us via APPLY NOW.</div>
<div>If there are no suitable positions at this point of time, we welcome you to deposit your resume with us. We will contact you directly should we find a match with any of our job vacancies in the future. Thank you.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/full-time-lecturer-school-of-postgraduate-studies-8231380/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8231380&sectionRank=21&token=0~5bd0d02e-2b93-4f50-9100-3ef2e8bf1b00&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 