---
title: "KUEEN LAI EDUCATION MATHS & SCIENCE SDN. BHD. Vacancies School Support Staff" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-08 
excerpt: "KUEEN LAI EDUCATION MATHS & SCIENCE SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the School Support Staff which positioned at Kajang/Bangi/Serdang" 
tags: [Kajang/Bangi/Serdang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>KUEEN LAI EDUCATION MATHS & SCIENCE SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>School Support Staff</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>School Support Staff</strong></div><ol><li>Administration and Admissions clerical staff</li><li>Handyman</li><li>Security Staff&#160;</li><li>Nurse (1 Day Shift Non Boarding and 1 Night shift, with boarding)</li><li>Librarian</li><li>Canteen Cook</li><li>Canteen helpers</li></ol><div><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></div><div><ul><li>Reports to the Principal, the School Business Development Directors (SBDD) and/or designee and performs confidential administrative and clerical responsibilities.</li><li>Provide administrative and non administrative support to students, staff and community; serve as a source of information for students, staff and community; type reports and memorandums; update and maintain files and records; provide liaison between administration and staff to ensure effective operations for the office.</li><li>Perform tasks of a varied nature. Many tasks will require a thorough knowledge of the rules and regulations of the School and school system and the frequent exercise of independent judgment within the scope of the authority granted by the Principal and or SBDD.</li></ul><ul><li>Maintain efficient and well organised electronic and paper data collection and filing systems, including confidential student and personnel files.</li><li>Protect confidentiality of records and information about students and staff and use discretion when sharing any such information within legal confines.</li><li>Adhere to Malaysian school law, Ministry of Education rules and regulations, Board of Governors&#8217; policies and regulations, school regulations and procedures, and contractual obligations.</li><li>The post holder will, from time to time, be required to undertake other duties of a similar nature as may reasonably be required by his/her line manager including developing and maintaining productive relationships with government bodies, Ministry of Education and other sponsors/embassies.</li><li>There may be occasions when the post holder&#8217;s role and skill set may be required elsewhere within the School, so flexibility will be essential.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Experience &amp; Knowledge</strong></div><div><ul><li>Minimum Diploma or preferably a Bachelor&#8217;s degree in related discipline</li><li>Have a minimum of 5 years of successful experience in a related educational position..</li><li>High level of integrity and conscientiousness.</li><li>Evidence of relevant &#160;professional &#160;development &#160;in &#160;a related position, preferably in an international school environment.</li><li>Be proficient in the use of Microsoft Office or an equivalent computer program.</li><li>Demonstrate the ability to communicate effectively in English and/or Bahasa Malaysia, both orally and in writing, using proper grammar and vocabulary. Ability to communicate in a second language would be an added advantage, though not necessary.</li><li>Exhibit a personality that demonstrates enthusiasm and interpersonal skills to relate well with students, staff, administration, parents and the community, including during difficult and emotional situations.</li><li>Emotionally mature with a very good sense of humour and the flexibility plus sensitivity to work with diverse personalities and situations.</li><li>Affinity with and interest in education.</li></ul></div><div>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma.</div><div>Required language(s):&#160;English, Mandarin, Korean, Bahasa Malaysia</div><div>At least 5 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</div><div>Preferably Junior Executive specialised in Education or equivalent.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are a company invested in providing a world class education, through the CAIE, IGCSE curriculum.</div>
<div>Our vision and aims are at the centre of everything we do. They underpin our teaching and learning and provide an environment which prepares our students as confident, happy citizens.<br>
&#160;<br>
We take pride in making our school a vibrant, creative, stimulating and inclusive place in which everyone can feel safe and flourish socially and academically.<br>
&#160;<br>
We ensure that our students develop all the skills that a sound education provides plus the competencies essential for success and leadership in our dynamic global economy.<br>
&#160;<br>
We work together for excellence in all we do whilst fostering respect, meaningful friendships and a communal bond to encourage our students to exceed all expectations; develop a love of learning; make positive contributions to our society and to cherish life.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kajang/Bangi/Serdang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/school-support-staff-4419927?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4419927&sectionRank=1&token=0~f170aa56-b0ac-41df-9c11-045a014e209b&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 