---
title: "DKSH Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Executive, Training (Supply Chain Operation) (Klang)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-10 
excerpt: "DKSH Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Executive, Training (Supply Chain Operation) (Klang) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DKSH Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Executive, Training (Supply Chain Operation) (Klang)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job responsibilities:</strong></div><div><div><div>1. Support superior in managing day-to-day</div><ul><li>Operating expenditures against operating budgets for the training and development function to ensure efficient usage of resources</li><li>Training and development costs against budget to optimize usage of such budgets</li></ul><div>2. Support the design and development of a training and development framework and approach (e.g. compile information, amend framework, etc.) to govern the organization's training and development activities</div><ul><li>Coordinate training needs analysis activities (e.g. interview stakeholders, competency assessments, etc.). Gather and compile data as input to identifying training and development needs</li></ul><div>3. Support the execution of development initiatives/programs, communication plans, training programs, etc., to cater to country-wide development needs</div><ul><li>Prepare training materials, manuals, notes, etc., needed for training modules delivery</li><li>Facilitate internal classroom room training for related topics</li></ul><div>4. Prepare, administer and compile training evaluation questionnaires/materials to measure training program/trainer relevance and effectiveness</div><div>5. Manage training records and information on employees' competencies/skills gap closure and application for the purposes of measuring post-training effectiveness and outcomes</div><ul><li>Provide consistent updates on training record for management/superior&#8217;s request</li></ul><div>6. Support training and development projects to enhance country-wide employee training platforms (e.g. knowledge management databases, e-learning, informal training sessions, etc.)</div><div>7. Research and source vendors/trainers (internal and external) to ensure effective and quality execution of training initiatives/programs</div><div>8. Support internal stakeholders in executing training needs analysis, running of training programs and follow-up on its evaluation, etc., to ensure stakeholder needs are met</div><div>9. Respond to queries and requests from external vendors/trainers to enable smooth running of development initiatives/programs</div></div></div><div><strong>Job requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Education/Teaching/Training, Human Resource Management, Business Studies/Administration/Management or equivalent.</li><li>At least 2 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Taman Sentosa,Klang.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executives specializing in Training &amp; Development or equivalent.</li><li>Demonstrate sound knowledge and understanding of the business and industry</li><li>Demonstrate research and analytical skills</li><li>Demonstrate proficiencies in office productivity tools (e.g. Excel, Word and PowerPoint)</li><li>Demonstrate fluency in local language and ideally in English, both written and spoken</li><li>Good knowledge of adult learning theories and best practices</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	DKSH is the leading Market Expansion Services provider with a focus on Asia. The Group helps companies to grow across the Business Units Healthcare, Consumer Goods, Performance Materials and Technology. The service portfolio covers sourcing, market insights, marketing and sales, eCommerce, distribution and logistics as well as after-sales services. Publicly listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Group operates in 36 markets with 33,350 specialists, generating net sales of CHF 11.6 billion in 2019. With its Swiss heritage, DKSH has been deeply rooted in Asia Pacific since 1865.
	
	
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/executive-training-supply-chain-operation-klang-4442101?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4442101&sectionRank=27&token=0~93cc9387-2bf7-46fe-9f36-a5643e0329a1&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 