---
title: "RAUDHAH ISLAMIC SDN. BHD. Vacancies GURU BESAR" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-11 
excerpt: "RAUDHAH ISLAMIC SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the GURU BESAR which positioned at Kajang/Bangi/Serdang" 
tags: [Kajang/Bangi/Serdang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>RAUDHAH ISLAMIC SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>GURU BESAR</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION - GURU BESAR (SCHOOL PRINCIPAL)</strong></p><ol><li>Oversees overall process and management the schools.</li><li>Oversees in all matter including Academic, Cocurriculum and Financials and being assisted by GPK (1) (Administration &amp; Academic), PK (Hal Ehwal Murid (HEM) &amp; PK (Cocurriculum).</li><li>Handle hiring, interviewing and employments.</li><li>Advisor for any clubs, sport associations or programs.</li><li>Authorized any form of purchases.</li><li>Authorized Petty Cash reimbursement for claims and etc.</li><li>Collect Weekly RPH from teachers and check their progress on the academic.</li><li>Act as the school Spokesperson that carry the image of Raudhah Islamic School (RIS).</li><li>Handle all school related matter that especially involves, State Education Office (PPD), Ministry of Education (MOE), State Religious Office (PAID), JAWI or others if and when required.</li><li>Acknowledge the student&#8217;s attendance.</li><li>Attend and discuss with the Marketing Team on Marketing Strategies and execute them to increase the numbers of students.</li><li>Act as the Top Representative on School &#8216;s Branch.</li><li>Signatory on Official School Documents.</li><li>Oversees the flow that has been plan and executed by GPK (1).</li><li>Always be part in Parents Teachers Conference (PIBG) and seek their advice or opinion on matter related to PIBG.</li><li>Conduct Year &#8211; End appraisal for Academic Staff.</li><li>Approval for Staff&#8217;s Annual Leaves.&#160;</li></ol><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENT</strong></p><ol><li>Have experience as Principal of integration school / school coordinator and other related at least 6-10 years and above</li><li>Have at least a Degree in Education; Recognized master or degree (related)</li><li>Have teaching experience in government or private religious schools for at least 3-5 years</li><li>Strong understanding of the laws and regulations that influence educational institutions</li><li>Can work seriously and can for work commitment. We do not consider for candidates who work only temporarily</li><li>Able to solve crisis problems especially in the field of school and employee management</li><li>Have a passion and interest in teaching and the education system</li><li>Can respect and listen to the instructions of superiors</li><li>Trust in punctual working hours</li><li>Committed and energetic in carrying out instructions and tasks from superiors well and positively</li><li>Can work overtime (if needed)</li><li>Can maintain arrival / punctuality well (working hours / event / event preparation)</li><li>A person who is active, diligent and can get involved in all company events</li></ol><p><strong>Working Hours</strong></p><p>Monday-Friday: 7.00am - 5.00pm</p><p>Saturday: 7.30am - 11.00am (alternated)</p><p><strong>Work Location:</strong></p><p>RAUDHAH ISLAMIC SCHOOL</p><p><strong>Branch: Kajang, Selangor &amp; Putrajaya</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Additional Company Information</h4></div></div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Registration No.</span></div></div><div><span>1304560-W</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Company Size</span></div></div><div><span>51 - 200 Employees</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Industry</span></div></div><div><span>Education</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kajang/Bangi/Serdang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/guru-besar-4439421?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4439421&sectionRank=22&token=0~c9ca3c88-ef13-4d59-ad23-d3fcc87b8e30&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 