---
title: "HELP International School Vacancies ENGLISH TEACHER (A LEVEL)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "HELP International School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the ENGLISH TEACHER (A LEVEL) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HELP International School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>ENGLISH TEACHER (A LEVEL)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>HELP International School</strong> is one of Malaysia's leading international schools. It has a reputation for high quality holistic education or academic success of celebrated, but equal emphasis is also placed on developing a broad range of 21st-century skills and understandings.</div><div>We seek to appoint a highly capable and enthusiastic teacher of <strong>English</strong> in our A Level department. The appointee will likely teach in Year 10 &#8211; 13, but possess the ability and willingness to teach at IGCSE level if required to do so. We require a teacher who has a great love of literature, and has the ability to share their passion with their students. A sound understanding of literary genre, form, structure and devices is necessary; as well as an ability to maintain an orderly, collaborative learning environment for our students. We are looking for someone who will go the extra mile for the students in their charge.</div><div><strong>HELP international School</strong> offers a competitive remuneration package. The school makes significant investment in the professional development of its teaching professionals. We promote a culture of growing and developing leaders, and wherever possible, support our teachers with opportunities for further university study.</div><div>Please submit your curriculum vitae and letter of application, attach a passport photo and the names and contact details of at least two referees. The school reserves the right to make an early appointment should a suitably qualified and experienced candidate be available.</div></div><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS FOR THE POSITION OF TEACHER&#160;</strong></div><div><strong>Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Candidates must possess degree and postgraduate teaching qualification.&#160;</li><li>Having at least 3 years teaching experiences in A-Level &amp; IGCSE are essential</li><li>Experience of leading, managing and evaluating a subject</li></ul><div><strong>DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><div><br><strong>(A) ACADEMIC</strong></div><ul><li>Read and understand the requirements of the syllabus for the subject. Teachers are also required to keep a copy of the syllabus in their files.</li><li>Read,&#160; keep and abide&#160; by all circulars and directives from&#160; the&#160; Ministry of Education (MOE) and State Education Department&#160; regarding&#160; the&#160; teaching&#160; of the&#160; subject</li><li>Set achievable targets and make regular assessments of own teaching strategies and students&#8217; performance. Seek&#160;the assistance of Head of Subject (HoS) to review teaching strategies if targets are not met.</li><li>Prepare and keep a copy of lesson plans.&#160; Lesson plans must be handed&#160; up weekly to&#160; Head of&#160;Subject (HoS) for checking. All lesson plans must be designed to achieve intended learning outcomes. Keep records of students&#8217; assignments for reference.</li><li>Prepare and give suitable and optimum amount of written work to achieve the intended learning&#160;outcomes.</li><li>Conduct regular assessments of students&#8217; performance and determine weaknesses and carry out the remedial actions.</li><li>Be an automatic member of the Subject Panel, attend all meetings and abide by all decisions of the Panel.</li><li>Take all possible measures to ensure the safety of students whether in the class room, in special room or in the school field.</li><li>Keep abreast with all new development in the teaching of the subject and make preparations accordingly.</li><li>Seek the assistance of the Head of Subject (HoS) to resolve any problems in the reaching of the subject</li><li>Display articles, charts, learning tips, pictures in the class room to encourage interest and learning of the subject</li><li>Contribute to the collection of the question papers for the school&#8217;s internal assessments / examinations</li></ul><div><strong>(B) CLASS ORGANISATION</strong></div><ul><li>It is the responsibility of all teachers to see the good management of the class in all aspects.</li><li>Ensure that the facilities in the class are always functional and that all furniture are in good condition.</li><li>Report any breakages or loss to the relevant department for immediate action to be taken.</li><li>Keep records of the attendances for purpose of reporting to parents at their request.</li><li>Keep records of student particulars for quick or regular reference. Update all records.</li><li>Responsible for filling up progress reports.</li><li>Motivate, encourage and look after the welfare of students in the class.</li><li>Encourage healthy interaction and competition among students in the class.</li><li>Impart moral values and contribute to character building.</li><li>Sensitive to the needs and problems faced by students.</li><li>Report to the Head of Academic &amp; Assessment and Deputy Head if there is a sudden drop in performance or changes in behavior of any student he/she teaches.</li><li>Liaise with various relevant divisions regarding posting of assessment data, registration and transfers, payments, attendance,&#160; co-curricular activities, house (sports) leaving certificates, testimonials&#160; etc.</li><li>Consult parent(s) whenever necessary and be ready to entertain requests / questions from parents from time to time regarding students&#8216;&#160; performances, behavior, attendance, school curriculum, administration&#160; etc.</li></ul><div><strong>(C) SUBJECT&#160; MATTER SPECIFIC&#160; RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>Teacher is also required be involved in running of extra curricular activities with students as well as help in planning and running of school events, lead and coordinate in activities related to their subject matter related area.</li></ul><div>Kindly note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	The HELP International School is part of the HELP International Corporation Berhad (HELP Group), the investment holding company for its various businesses, which are primarily in the field of education.</div>
<div>
	HELP International School is currently looking for qualified applicants who share our philosophy of education and our passion for working with children and youth.</div>
<div>
	For more details, check us out at www.his.edu.my</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/english-teacher-a-level-4422208?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4422208&sectionRank=24&token=0~0ee792f1-0732-4b4e-bbe8-4b12c91acc1d&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 