---
title: "KINGSLEY INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL Vacancies Head of Boarding cum Hostel Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-04 
excerpt: "KINGSLEY INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Boarding cum Hostel Manager which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>KINGSLEY INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Boarding cum Hostel Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Description</strong></div><ul><li>Know each student personally and be concerned for their development &#8211; academic, social and personal welfare</li><li>Develop, in the students, a sense of collective responsibility and sensitivity to the difficulties and needs, of others, and to encourage such support and help for each other as is appropriate.</li><li>Ensure that students abide by the school timings and leave in the morning in time for lessons and are in the house at curfew, and any other time required.</li><li>Organising, involvement in and support of a full, varied programme of extra-curricular activities within the boarding houses.</li><li>Other duties will include registration, distribution of door fobs, room checks, laundry checks, bedding distribution, monitoring evening snacks, room clearance and maintenance checks prior to and after student arrival and departure and, assisting with student arrivals and departures.</li><li>Cares for students whenever they are not in school. Seeks to build honest, trusting relationships with the boarding students.</li><li>Provides consistent loving care, encouragement, and guidance to students.</li><li>Provides practical assistance to boarding students through problem solving, helping students with homework, etc.</li><li>Treats students as individuals, with flexibility and understanding.</li><li>Values and appreciates each student and strive to meet their unique needs.</li><li>Provides a homelike atmosphere in which students feel comfortable, welcomed, and at home. Invites parental input on decisions for individual students.</li><li>Actively seeks opportunities to interact with each boarding student. Shares only what must be shared and keeps students&#8217; confidence.</li><li>Stay connected with students and show sensitivity to students&#8217; needs.</li><li>Demonstrates good listening skills and an accepting, non-critical attitude towards others. Engages in communication with their students&#8217; teachers, as needed.</li><li>Promotes an open, trusting relationship with parents through regular and honest verbal communication (non-written).&#160;</li><li>Comply with all health and safety procedures as required by the Ministry of Education, School and any related regulatory bodies.</li><li>Ensure that all fire evacuation requirements are met and complied.</li><li>Be responsible and attending to unwell students and making arrangements with the school nurse or doctors on call.</li><li>Dispenses daily medicine to students, as needed after consultation and approval from the school nurse, as needed.</li><li>Complete a First Aid course and act as a school First Aider</li></ul><div><strong>Requirement</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Master's Degree, any field.</li><li>Required skill(s): MS Office.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin, English.</li><li>At least 3 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Putra Heights.</li><li>Preferably Managers specializing in Hotel Management/Tourism Services or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li><li>Free Paring, Accommodation and Daily Meal</li><li>Willing to work odd hours and follow the duty roster.</li><li>Must Stay in Boarding.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are a group of educators who believe in investing into the lives of the future generation by instilling a passion for life-long learning and imparting good knowledge and values to meet the&#160;demand of the ever challenging world. In line with our expansion, we are looking for a qualified, young and motivated candidate to join us for this position.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-boarding-cum-hostel-manager-4407196?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4407196&sectionRank=4&token=0~07f37595-706f-4290-a895-5506a251c850&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 