---
title: "Imperial Education (Ipoh) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Mandarin Teacher" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-08 
excerpt: "Imperial Education (Ipoh) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Mandarin Teacher which positioned at Ipoh, Perak - Others" 
tags: [Ipoh, Perak - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Imperial Education (Ipoh) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Mandarin Teacher</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Lesson planning, weekly/yearly scheme of work.</li><li>Resources/lesson content, reviews, reflections.</li><li>Differentiation and/or individualised education plan and check on update of syllabus.</li><li>Checking on homework hand-ins and recording of assignments.</li><li>Marking attendance, identifying commendable character qualities/areas of concern, individual subject reporting.</li><li>Assessment and subject reports, set exam papers.</li><li>Monitor student punctuality, attendance, and discipline management.</li><li>Participate in school activities, ie. ECA,CCA, etc.</li><li>Participate and assist in school events.</li><li>Perform additional and general duties including supervision, working with colleagues and parents, attend school functions as required.</li><li>Actively participating in continuous professional development programmes and workshops to upgrade skills.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Education/Teaching/Training or its equivalent</li><li>Fluent in English and Mandarin, both written and spoken is a MUST</li><li>At least 3 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position</li><li>Working experience in an International School is an added advantage</li><li>Experience in teaching Bahasa/Humanities is an added advantage</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Imperial International School, Ipoh&#160;is the first of the newly established Imperial Education Group of schools. The Group has two other campuses in Subang Jaya and Subang 2 for their Klang Valley outfit and the first in Ipoh, Perak, opening in January 2020. The purpose-built school buildings and facilities will be ready and accept more than 1,000 students in 2020.&#160;</p><p>Our facilities of the school include air-conditioned classrooms, 4-D immersive learning facilities, Wi-Fi connectivity, resource centre and library, ICT lab, music and performing arts studio, art room, multi-purpose hall, basketball courts, badminton courts, auditorium, swimming pool, futsal pitch, science laboratories, cafeteria, little chef laboratories, medical bay, 24-hour gated and guarded perimeters and other future expansions.&#160;</p><p>We are affiliated to our sister school, Peninsula International School Australia, Malaysia campus, where the educational leadership is provided by the prestigious top-tiered Peninsula Grammer School in Melbourne, Australia.&#160;</p><p>The Imperial International School's curriculum is based on the prestigious International Primary Curriculum and the Cambridge International Curriculum leading to IGCSE examinations and the Cambridge A-Levels. Our teachers receive on-going training to ensure they are kept abreast of the latest teaching and learning pedagogies. The Imperial Education Group provides our students with a global launchpad, securing their pathways to tertiary education, both locally and abroad, including UK, Australia and USA.&#160;</p><p>Our students can develop a highly level of fluency in English and a strong understanding of western education system. This ensures that they are well prepared for study at western universities in the future.&#160;&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Ipoh, Perak - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/mandarin-teacher-4428527?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4428527&sectionRank=19&token=0~408fea3f-4a63-4f18-9151-2c7cd8658c22&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 