---
title: "Taylor's University Vacancies Life Skills Facilitator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-08 
excerpt: "Taylor's University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Life Skills Facilitator which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Taylor's University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Life Skills Facilitator</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><p><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong></p><p><br>The Life Skills Facilitator takes an active role in effectively delivering and facilitating impactful Life Skills modules as per the University's standards of excellence.The roles main requirement is&#160;to be energetic, engaging, creative and is comfortable in sharing personal and corporate life experiences to students while facilitating the classroom.&#160;</p><p><br>The individual should be a self-starter, proactive, positive and is able to bring in liveliness into a classroom setting through the creation of positive and supportive learning atmosphere in&#160;a safe and open environment where students are able to share and express their thoughts and feelings. Facilitation will be done using the experiential learning methodology and in a flipped classroom setting where participation and discussion is encouraged while delivering learning in an exciting and non-traditional manner. The role also needs you&#160;to plan, direct and execute facilitation roles for the required University Life Skills modules, and look into key administrative matters related to the present and future state of these modules.</p><p><strong>KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><p><br>&#9679; Oversee the design and delivery of the Life Skills Modules to create students that are more self-aware and socially competent, contributing to future ready graduates.</p><p>&#9679; Lead the initiation and implementation of new teaching and learning initiatives through experiential learning and flipped classroom, and ensure modules are executed&#160; according to the prescribed learning outcomes with clear establishment of objectives.</p><p>&#9679; Facilitate learning in a non-traditional manner with the goal of nurturing and developing self- learning and self- reflecting students.</p><p>&#9679; Constantly evaluate and appraise their own teaching methods and ensure lessons are comprehensible to students while ensuring the quality of teaching.</p><p>&#9679; Maintains comprehensive, accurate and thorough documentation on key administrative issuespertaining to the modules taught ie students' attendance, grading, audit requirements, etc.</p><p>&#9679; Coach and counsel students in the areas of life skills and emotional well-being in and outside of the classroom as and when needed.</p><p>&#9679; Establish contact with local / international experts, thought leaders and potential speakers to solicit their support by inviting them as guest lectures to add value to the subjects being taught.</p><p>&#9679; .Lead benchmarking on best practices and issues pertaining to teaching and learning initiatives that would engage students through application and active experimentation on modules that are taught.</p><p>&#9679; Undertake research activities with the outcome of writing and producing papers which can be published or presented in conferences etc.</p><p>&#9679; Undertake contributory roles in supporting projects that add value to the overall needs of the department and institutional ambitions.</p><p>&#9679; Other duties assigned which can help in further developing and growing the development of life skills and emotional well-being avenues in the University.</p><p><br><strong>COMPETENCIES (KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS &amp; ABILITIES)</strong><br>&#9679; Passionate for learning and the learners. Is a lifelong leaner and practitioner of life skills.<br>&#9679; Strong and energetic facilitation skills - have good stage presence, energy and are able to inspire and motivate learners to remain engaged.</p><p>&#9679; Positive coaching skills - able through effective questionings to help students discover an answer / solutions for themselves.</p><p>&#9679; Results oriented - attention to detail and ensures quality of work is high and consistent.</p><p>&#9679; Multi-skilled - possesses good planning and organizing skills; able to coordinate project and manage events.</p><p>&#9679; Problem solving and analytical skills - able to identify and respond to problems appropriately and in a timely manner.</p><p>&#9679; Able to develop fun and exciting activities to supplement teaching based on the needs of the programme.</p><p>&#9679; Able to analyse and interpret the needs of students and offer appropriate solutions.</p><p>&#9679; Have strong and proven interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to communicate with students, and liaise with people in all positions.</p><p>&#9679; Handles general tasks independently and able to work well in a team - flexible and adaptable when collaborating projects.</p><p>&#9679; Able to maintain records systematically in a way that is comprehendible and accessible to others.</p><p>&#9679; Have competent communication, listening and facilitation skills, is technologically savvy and able to incorporate various tools to engage students in a classroom setting.</p><p>&#9679; Proficient with technological tools for virtual learning (use of Virtual / Augmented Reality &amp; Artificial Intelligence).</p><p>&#9679; Proven familiarity with enhanced technological platforms for virtual student engagement.</p><p><strong>JOB SPECIFICATIONS</strong><br><strong>Minimum Academic/Professional Qualification</strong><br>&#9679; Masters in Psychology / Education / Communications / Business / Coaching or related discipline. (Certification in Coaching is also preferable)</p><p>&#9679; At least five (5) years of training / teaching experience preferably with a broad range ofacademic / student development functions in an educational institution or experiences inpersonal development training, learning and development.</p><p><strong>Competencies (Knowledge, Skills &amp; Abilities)</strong><br>&#9679;&#160;Knowledge of personal development and team development components<br>&#9679;&#160;Licensed tools for training and coaching or other equivalent areas<br>&#9679;&#160;Generation Z and Millennial Generation understanding<br>&#9679;&#160;In-depth understanding of personality assessments, SMART Goals, emotional intelligence,mindfulness and ways to develop critical thinking skills<br>&#9679; Effective and energetic coaching / facilitation skills<br>&#9679; Strong communication skills (including listening), good English proficiency and excellentwriting skills<br>&#9679;&#160;Technology savvy<br>&#9679; Life coaching skills and techniques (preferable)</p><p>&#9679; Regulate emotions while maintaining professionalism<br>&#9679; Ability to interpret, apply and explain policies, procedures, rules and regulations<br>&#9679; Ability to work with minimal supervision<br>&#9679; Possess good interpersonal skills with ability to communicate and maintain effectiveworking relationships with students and staff<br>&#9679; Possess good organisational and coordination skills with ability to plan, manage andfacilitate several activities/events simultaneously<br>&#9679; Ability to adapt to and work in a team environment<br>&#9679; Ability to work on own initiatives and operate to tight schedules and deadlines<br>&#9679; Ability to create/generate new ideas<br>&#9679; Ability to prepare reports and draft routine correspondence</p><p><strong>Competencies (Behavioural)</strong><br>&#9679; Has a strong sense of life purpose and clear personal mission statement<br>&#9679; Goal and purpose driven<br>&#9679; Value driven and principle centric<br>&#9679; Trustworthy and has a strong sense of responsibility<br>&#9679; Active listener and probing questioner<br>&#9679; Can adapt approach based on the personality of the participants; vs. only a single style ofteaching<br>&#9679; Effective team player<br>&#9679; High personal and professional standards of excellence<br>&#9679; Independent, accountable and takes ownership<br>&#9679; Passionate in developing student to success<br>&#9679; Adaptable and Creative<br>&#9679; Committed to their own ongoing personal growth and holistic health (mental, physical,emotional, spiritual)<br>&#9679; Flexible and able to work in a fast-paced environment<br>&#9679; Good team player<br>&#9679; Cheerful, energetic and shows enthusiasm<br>&#9679; Has good working attitude<br>&#9679; Pro-active, mature and resourceful<br>&#160;</p></div><p>A prestigious education organisation in Subang Jaya</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Taylor's University Sdn Bhd</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/life-skills-facilitator-4439467?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4439467&sectionRank=2&token=0~408fea3f-4a63-4f18-9151-2c7cd8658c22&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 