---
title: "RAUDHAH ISLAMIC SDN. BHD. Vacancies GURU BESAR" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-26 
excerpt: "RAUDHAH ISLAMIC SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the GURU BESAR which positioned at Kajang/Bangi/Serdang" 
tags: [Kajang/Bangi/Serdang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>RAUDHAH ISLAMIC SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>GURU BESAR</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION - GURU BESAR (SCHOOL PRINCIPAL)</strong><br><ul><li>Oversees overall process and management the schools.</li><li>Oversees in all matter including Academic, Cocurriculum and Financials and being assisted by GPK (1) (Administration &amp; Academic), PK (Hal Ehwal Murid (HEM) &amp; PK (Cocurriculum).</li><li>Handle hiring, interviewing and employments.</li><li>Advisor for any clubs, sport associations or programs.</li><li>Authorized any form of purchases.</li><li>Authorized Petty Cash reimbursement for claims and etc.</li><li>Collect Weekly RPH from teachers and check their progress on the academic.</li><li>Act as the school Spokesperson that carry the image of Raudhah Islamic School (RIS).</li><li>Handle all school related matter that especially involves, State Education Office (PPD), Ministry of Education (MOE), State Religious Office (PAID), JAWI or others if and when required.</li><li>Acknowledge the student&#8217;s attendance.</li><li>Attend and discuss with the Marketing Team on Marketing Strategies and execute them to increase the numbers of students.</li><li>Act as the Top Representative on School &#8216;s Branch.</li><li>Signatory on Official School Documents.</li><li>Oversees the flow that has been plan and executed by GPK (1).</li><li>Always be part in Parents Teachers Conference (PIBG) and seek their advice or opinion on matter related to PIBG.</li><li>Conduct Year &#8211; End appraisal for Academic Staff.</li><li>Approval for Staff&#8217;s Annual Leaves.&#160;</li></ul><br><br><strong>JOB REQUIREMENT</strong><br><ul><li>Have experience as Principal of integration school / school coordinator and other related at least 6-10 years and above</li><li>Have at least a Degree in Education; Recognized master or degree (related)</li><li>Have teaching experience in government or private religious schools for at least 3-5 years</li><li>Strong understanding of the laws and regulations that influence educational institutions</li><li>Can work seriously and can for work commitment. We do not consider for candidates who work only temporarily</li><li>Able to solve crisis problems especially in the field of school and employee management</li><li>Have a passion and interest in teaching and the education system</li><li>Can respect and listen to the instructions of superiors</li><li>Trust in punctual working hours</li><li>Committed and energetic in carrying out instructions and tasks from superiors well and positively</li><li>Can work overtime (if needed)</li><li>Can maintain arrival / punctuality well (working hours / event / event preparation)</li><li>A person who is active, diligent and can get involved in all company events</li></ul><br><strong>Working Hours</strong>Monday-Friday: 7.00am - 5.00pmSaturday: 7.30am - 11.00am (alternated)<br><strong>Work Location:</strong>RAUDHAH ISLAMIC SCHOOL<strong>Branch: Kajang, Selangor &amp; Putrajaya</strong><br><br></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Raudhah Islamic School (RIS) is a private school located at Taman Putra, Kajang near Bandar Baru Bangi, Selangor.It opened it doors to a pioneer batch of students on January 2015.The establishment of this school was a desire of the chairman, En Mohd Fauzi bin Bidin.The school offers Malaysian National Curriculum and Selangor Islamic Religious Department (JAIS) Curriculum for the year One to year Six.Its registered under JAIS.The school also offering Qur&#8217;anic Memorising and Manners (Morals and Ethics Education and Basic Skills Proficiency) to foster and sustain the development of balanced and positive Muslim children thus achieve A sound mind in a sound body.
	
	<div>
		RIS was established through a desire by the chairman,En Mohd Fauzi bin Bidin with the objective to provide opportunities for academic and religious education and learning to society. The establishment was initiated by JAIS on January 3,2015.RIS was officially opened by Ustaz Misron a religious official representing the registrar of Islamic Religious Official of Hulu Langat district.The ceremony was symbolic to a school which is registered under JAIS.</div>
<div>
		At the beginning of its days, it has only 30 students of year One to year Three along four female teaching staffs.RIS was founded with the mission to be a complete Integrated Islamic Education choice offering holistic education for the development of creative, intelectually critical and social responsible individuals.The school objective is to produce knowledge generation that can achieve a well being of the world and the hereafter as emphasized in the Qur&#8217;an &#8220; Our Lord! Give us good in this world and good in the hereafter, and defend us from the tournament of the fire&#8221;.Another objective of the school is to build the excellence students those are viable and capable of entering boarding schools such as Maahad Integrasi Tahfiz Sains (MITS), MRSM Ulul Albab and Kelas Aliran Agama (KAA)</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kajang/Bangi/Serdang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/guru-besar-4439421?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4439421&sectionRank=12&token=0~d0b09b8a-f319-4ed4-bc01-986e20a28faf&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 