---
title: "Wawasan Open University [DU013(P)] Vacancies HEAD OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-25 
excerpt: "Wawasan Open University [DU013(P)] is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the HEAD OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Wawasan Open University [DU013(P)] is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>HEAD OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>We are expanding our team! Come and join us!</strong></div><div><div>In line with its tagline, &#8216;Think Tomorrow&#8217;, the university is transforming its curriculum and delivery to prepare a future-ready workforce for the Fourth Industrial Revolution (IR 4.0).</div><div>We are looking for passionate and motivated talents to be part of our dynamic team, and nurture professional talents that can positively impact the nation.</div><div>As one of the country's pioneer institutions in Open Distance Learning, we welcome new team members who share our goal of being innovative, responsive and dedicated to the advancement of lifelong learning.</div></div></div><div><div><strong>THE PERSON FOR THE JOB</strong></div><ul><li>Applicants should possess a Master or Bachelor Degree in IT related field and have at least 10 years of IT management experience in a leadership role in higher education.</li><li><div>Applicants with professional certificates and exposure in the Learning Management System (LMS) and Student Information System (SIS) will be an added advantage.</div></li><li><div>Experience in strategic and analytical approach to financial management and able to mitigate risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data.</div></li><li><div>Experience in agile and waterfall project management methodologies within the tight deadline given.</div></li><li><div>Able to supervise and coordinate the resources within the infrastructure and application team and overseeing the full spectrum of IT.</div></li><li><div>Keep updated with the emerging technologies and passion to drive for a better change.</div></li><li><div>Able to make good communication with the department members, the stakeholders and the regulatory bodies.</div></li><li><div>Experience with online and distance learning, with a high level of oral and written competence in both English and Bahasa Malaysia.</div></li></ul></div><div><strong>THE PERSON WILL BE REPORTING TO:</strong></div><div>The Chief Operation Officer (COO). This person will also work with the organization departments to ensure that the institution is being updated on the latest standards, changes and trends to stay ahead as an ODL institution in the revolving world of the IR 4.0.</div><div><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><div>An IT Head in our organization has total strategic and management responsibility. He / She manages the organization&#8217;s information technology resources and supervises the staff responsible for operating and supporting the IT systems. The person should work with the organization departments to align their IT systems to their requirements and manages the systems to ensure they are constantly available to users.</div><div>Interested candidates are encouraged to apply online via Jobstreet.</div><div>Only short-listed candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>Wholly owned by Wawasan Open University Sdn. Bhd. 200501018250 (700364-W)</strong></div>
<div>
		Wawasan Open University (WOU) is a leading private institution of higher learning in Malaysia dedicated to adult learners. WOU also offers full-time degree programmes to fresh school-leavers. WOU strategically utilises information technology and a network of learning centres backed by a team of academicians to support our students throughout the nation. Its main campus is based in Penang.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-information-technology-services-4430336?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4430336&sectionRank=3&token=0~e0860c0d-4838-4d96-8d65-d4f9702adb83&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 