---
title: "Perdana University Vacancies Lead in Medicine, Perdana University – Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-29 
excerpt: "Perdana University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lead in Medicine, Perdana University – Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Perdana University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lead in Medicine, Perdana University – Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Position: Lead in Medicine, PURCSI</strong></div><div>Specific Duties, Responsibilities and Accountabilities include:</div><div><br>&#61623; Contributing to the development, facilitation and delivery of the undergraduate medical school teaching<br>programme in Medicine.<br>&#61623; Organising programmes of instruction, including lectures, tutorials, practical activities and assessment in<br>Medicine for undergraduate students at PU-RCSI.<br>&#61623; Liaising closely with the Dean and relevant staff at PU-RCSI regarding curriculum development, teaching<br>programmes and examinations.<br>&#61623; Liaising with the Professor / Head of Department of Medicine and staff at RCSI Dublin regarding curriculum,<br>examinations and research matters, as appropriate.<br>&#61623; Coordinate and execute delivery of Medicine lectures, seminars, tutorials and all other teaching activities.<br>&#61623; Assist the Dean in assessing and monitoring the suitability for delivery of the curriculum of the Teaching<br>Hospitals assigned to Perdana University by the Ministry for Health in Malaysia.<br>&#61623; Assist the Dean in the appointment of appropriately qualified locally recruited faculty in Perdana University<br>Hospitals to facilitate delivery of the teaching programme.<br>&#61623; Assist the Dean in developing high quality student clinical attachments and rotations in Perdana University<br>Teaching Hospitals.<br>&#61623; Contributing to the examination and assessments of RCSI and PU-RCSI, including question writing, standard<br>setting and the grading of examinations, papers and projects.<br>&#61623; As appropriate, developing new courses and curricula required meeting ever-changing needs in education with<br>the university and community.<br>&#61623; Evaluating and assessing student achievement in formal courses.</div><div><br>General Duties, Responsibilities and Accountabilities include:</div><div><br>&#61623; Implementing policies and decisions as determined by the Dean at PU-RCSI, Dean at RCSI Dublin and the Perdana<br>University RCSI Medical Faculty Board.<br>&#61623; Advising and mentoring undergraduate students and providing advocacy as appropriate.<br>&#61623; Maintaining records to monitor student progress, achievement and attendance.<br>&#61623; Supporting students by participating in the Personal Mentor system.<br>&#61623; Promoting innovative education technologies as appropriate to support the course content.<br>&#61623; As appropriate, pursuing independent research or research collaborations relevant to the undergraduate<br>medical school in PU-RCSI.<br>&#61623; Preparing subject content for e-learning purposes as requested.<br>&#61623; Ensuring course curricula and materials are kept up-to-date.<br>&#61623; Undertaking overseas assignments as may be required.<br>&#61623; Complying with Malaysian statutory legislation and implementing Perdana University rules and requirements in<br>furtherance of your own and general staff welfare and safety.</div>&#61623; Undergoing programmes of training and development as may be required from time to time.<br>&#61623; Representing the best interests of PU-RCSI at all times.<br>&#61623; Performing such other related duties as may be requested.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>PERDANA UNIVERSITY&#160;</strong>offers medical programme in collaboration with Royal College of Surgeons,Ireland, as well as in other medical areas such as bioinformatics, occupational therapy and international trade programmes and is seeking dynamic individuals to join the University.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lead-in-medicine-perdana-university-royal-college-of-surgeons-in-ireland-4433584?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4433584&sectionRank=5&token=0~8172a3b8-6206-44e4-9f7c-32dbef37ae03&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 