---
title: "Michael Page International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Technical Trainer (Automotive)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-29 
excerpt: "Michael Page International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Technical Trainer (Automotive) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Michael Page International (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Technical Trainer (Automotive)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>My client is searching for an experienced Senior Automotive Technical Trainer with hands-on experience in the planning, development and delivery of training courses and materials.</div><div><br><strong>Client Details</strong></div><div><br>My client is a public-listed, global manufacturer of motor vehicles. With a strong global presence across numerous countries, my client's deep-rooted expertise has definitely propelled them to be a key player within the industry. Interested to be part of the team? Apply now!</div><div><br><strong>Description</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Be responsible for conducting Product &amp; Technical Training to dealers &amp; company personnel<br>&#8226; Be responsible for the development, design, and execution of training materials (PowerPoint Presentations/Hand-Outs) within the scheduled timeline<br>&#8226; Conduct Skill Gap Analysis to identify and ensure all competency needs within the organisation are met<br>&#8226; Responsible for market-specific adaptation and localisation of technical training concepts and materials from HQ</div><div><br><strong>Profile</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Degree in Automotive Engineering<br>&#8226; Min. 5 Years of Experience as a Technical Trainer within the Automotive Industry<br>&#8226; Hands-on experience in conducting technical training<br>&#8226; Knowledgeable with the current Automotive systems &amp; technologies, incl. Hybrid Vehicles &amp; Electrical Systems</div><div><br><strong>Job Offer</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; To be part of a global organisation with a strong brand presence</div><div><br>&#8226; Attractive remuneration packages</div><div><br>&#8226; Opportunity to learn &amp; grow within the business</div><div><br>To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below. For a confidential discussion about this role please contact Min Jun Lim on +603 2302 4066</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Whether you're searching for your dream job or looking to recruit the ideal person for your business, then we can help. At Michael Page we've been bringing job seekers and employers together for more than 30 years.</div><div><div>We employ specialist consultants for each job sector that we cover. This ensures every consultant is an expert on their specific industry and is able to offer expert advice to help find the right job for you. Our globally recognised brand attracts the highest quality employers from around the world ensuring that we always have a great range of jobs available.</div><div>So if you're looking to take your career to the next level, visit www.michaelpage.com.my</div><div><strong>About Michael Page</strong></div><div>Michael Page International is a leading professional recruitment consultancy specialising in the recruitment of permanent, contract and temporary positions on behalf of the world&#8217;s top employers. The Group operates through 155 offices in 35 countries worldwide. We have operations in the UK, Continental Europe, Asia Pacific and the Americas and focus on recruiting for the following sectors:<div><ul><li>Accounting</li><li>Banking</li><li>Engineering &amp; Manufacturing</li><li>Healthcare and Life Sciences</li><li>Human Resources</li><li>IT &amp; T</li><li>Legal</li><li>Marketing</li><li>Procurement &amp; Supply Chain</li><li>Property &amp; Construction&#160;</li><li>Sales</li><li>Secretarial &amp; Office Support</li></ul></div></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-technical-trainer-automotive-4432360?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4432360&sectionRank=30&token=0~192d4930-820f-45d5-a93b-c088f4397674&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 