---
title: "Disted Pulau Pinang Sdn Bhd Vacancies President & CEO" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-16 
excerpt: "Disted Pulau Pinang Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the President & CEO which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Disted Pulau Pinang Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>President & CEO</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>DISTED College is looking for a passionate and motivated leader to be part of its dynamic team as the institution continues to deliver quality higher education and initiate exciting trends that are shaping the future of education.<div><br><strong>President and CEO of DISTED College (Penang)</strong></div><div><strong>Role</strong></div><div>The President and CEO is responsible to the Board of Directors of both DISTED Pulau Pinang Sdn Bhd and Wawasan Education Foundation on all matters pertaining to the development of the College.</div><div>Duties and Responsibilities</div><div>The candidate must provide academic and administrative leadership as well as create a conducive environment to enable the embodied goals and objectives of the College to be reached.</div><div>With an understanding of the higher education needs of the community, region and nation, the President should work with the DISTED Board of Directors to develop strategies to address the College's teaching, research and public service responsibilities.</div><div>The President must engage in appropriate consultation with senior executive management, faculty, staff and students when discharging the responsibilities of the office.</div>The President must ensure that the policies, procedures and actions of the Board are communicated to all stakeholders in a timely manner.<div><br>As the leader of DISTED, the President is also entrusted with the following responsibilities:</div><ul><li>To work with the Vice Chancellor of Wawasan Open University to achieve the long-term objectives and goals of Wawasan Open University Sdn Bhd and Wawasan Education Foundation.</li><li>To lead, plan, manage, execute and align the College&#8217;s resources and services to maintain and improve the College&#8217;s operation, quality and standing so that it attains being listed as one of the top private colleges in Malaysia.</li><li>To lead and manage the strategic initiatives and academic plans of the College so as to enhance the quality and outcome of its teaching and learning in the current digital world.</li></ul><div><br><strong>Eligibility for the Position</strong></div><div>Applicants must possess a Doctor of Philosophy in any field and have at least 10 years of academic and administrative experience in a leadership role in higher education. A high level of oral and written competence in English and Bahasa Malaysia is an added advantage.</div><div>The successful candidate will have the opportunity to lead and oversee the development of the various academic Schools and enhance their excellence in teaching and learning, and in this way, help nurture future talents towards positively impacting the nation.</div>Interested candidates are encouraged to apply online via Jobstreet.<div>Only short-listed candidates will be notified.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Disted College, popularly known as DISTED, is a premier and accredited 3+0 college that offers a portfolio of courses onsite ranging from certificates, diplomas to degrees. DISTED works with and articulates students into partner institutions, both locally and overseas. Our main thrusts are in the areas of pre-university studies, business and hospitality. We also conduct programmes in engineering, computer science, psychology and a very niche English programme. We strive to provide an education experience that is relevant, excellent and complete to groom industry-savvy graduates with high employability and a keen sense of social responsibility. DISTED is a non-profit college fully backed by the Wawasan Education Foundation and the Yeap Chor Ee Charitable Trust.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/president-ceo-4444211?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4444211&sectionRank=3&token=0~2051e8c1-cb7c-4b4d-9fd9-84776776108f&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 