---
title: "AGENSI PEKERJAAN TETAP HANGAT SDN. BHD. Vacancies Business Development Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-24 
excerpt: "AGENSI PEKERJAAN TETAP HANGAT SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Business Development Executive which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AGENSI PEKERJAAN TETAP HANGAT SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Business Development Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></div><div>We provide corporate training/ education for business owners and leaders across all the industries. Growth Consultant plays an important role in convincing corporate leaders to engage our corproate training programme in order to help their business grow to next higher level. Tasks include:-</div><div><br>a) Promote company training package to corporate leader<br>b) Identify training needs and requirements of individuals and organizations;<br>c) Liaise with management and client to arrange delivery of specific training and development programmes;<br>d) Build relationship with existing and new customer<br>e) Submit report to director in order to update the progress of each customer/prospect status<br>f) Attend and support all events which organized by company<br>g) Actively observe latest market trend and competitor campaign in order to provide advice to company long term strategy for sustainability<br>h) Promoting company brand through social media by constantly posting</div><div><strong>Minimum Requirements:</strong></div><div>a) Must possess at least SPM.<br>b) 1.5 years of business development/ sales experience in corporate training/education industry<br>c) Having network/contacts of business owners<br>d) Positive attitude, passionate on learning and collaborative teamwork, excel at interpersonal skills.<br>e) Passionate in entrepreneurship<br>f) Excellent verbal communication skills and public relation skill with business owners<br>g) Critical observer-thinker, bring a fresh perspective and offer intuitive solutions and ideas<br>h) Business-minded where applicable with entrepreneurship skills to ensure business success</div><div>i) Customer centric, value oriented instead of typical salesman with price mindset</div><div>j) Communicate fluently in Mandarin language (read, write &amp; listen)</div><div><strong>Remuneration Packages:</strong><br>Monthly Basic Salary: RM2,500 onward</div><div>Monthly KPI Commission:&#160;Disclose during face-to-face interview</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Additional Company Information</h4></div></div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Registration No.</span></div></div><div><span>806011-U</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><div><span>EA No.</span></div></div><div><span>JTKSM 068C</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Company Size</span></div></div><div><span>1 - 50 Employees</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Industry</span></div></div><div><span>Others</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Specific Location</span></div></div><div><span>Jalan Perak</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/business-development-executive-4429167?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4429167&sectionRank=5&token=0~ca69553f-d94e-494f-a03a-9c1c2623d04a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 