---
title: "PWDC Sdn Bhd Vacancies Programme Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-18 
excerpt: "PWDC Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Programme Officer which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>PWDC Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Programme Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><br><strong>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Programme Officer, Family and Children&#8217;s Affairs Department</strong></div><div><br>The Programme Officer is tasked to implement the Family and Children&#8217;s Affairs Department Projects or activities related to Penang State 2020 Safe Family Policy (SFP) and the Penang State 2013 Childcare Policy (CCP) under the supervision of the Programme Manager.</div><div><br>Duties and Responsibilities:</div><div><br><strong>A. Project Management and Planning</strong></div><div><br>1. Conduct desk research and field assessment for project proposal development and identify areas of support and . intervention.<br>2. Organise, coordinate and facilitate external and internal meetings as well as other events/functions related to the project activities.<br>3. Assist the Programme Manager and Senior Officer of the Family and Children&#8217;s Affairs Department in the implementation of SFP and CCP.<br>4. Prepare and submit for approval of budget and cash advance requests ahead of department&#8217;s events and activities.<br>5. Support the Programme Manager and Senior Officer in conducting relevant training for stakeholders involved in the implementation of SFP and CCP.<br>6. Conduct site visits in terms of matters regarding to the implementation of CCP.<br>7. Schedule and manage the project plan and work together with the local leaders, government agencies and communities on SFP and CCP implementation.<br>8. Assist the Programme Manager and Senior Officer in the planning and implementation of campaigns under the Family and Children&#8217;s Affairs Department&#8217;s campaigns and programmes including the Penang State Family Day.</div><div><br><strong>B. Project Performance, Monitoring and Reporting</strong></div><div>1. Provide reports on events and activities organised, photos and documentary evidence and Power Point presentation when necessary.<br>2. Prepare monthly updates and quarterly progress reports on the progress of SFP and CCP implementation.<br>3. Assist the Programme Manager and Senior Officer in monitoring and evaluating the implementation of SFP and CCP.<br>4. Identify operational and financial problems of the projects and develop solutions.</div><div><br><strong>C. Communication and Networking</strong></div><div><br>1. Liaise with and coordinate input/participation from stakeholders including those from the District Offices, Local Councils, government agencies and communities.<br>2. Develop networks and maintain close rapport with the stakeholders in the relations of CCP and SFP.<br>3. Prepare speeches and publicity materials on events and activities conducted.<br>4. Contribute articles for publication on events and activities conducted.<br>5. Assist the Programme Manager with planning, designing, developing, translating, editing, producing, and disseminating project products and reports, including public outreach materials (particularly leaflets and explainer video), articles, training materials and guides, website content, project reports and presentations and other project information and communication; work in conjunction with external graphic design consultants, printers, and other technical support sources as necessary.</div><div><strong>D. General Administrative/Financial Support</strong></div><div><br>1. Provide support and assistance in various aspects of administrative and financial management of the Family and Children&#8217;s Affairs Department.<br>2. Undertake other tasks assigned by the Programme Manager and/or Chief Executive Officer.<br>3. Provide support to PWDC as requested.</div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong><br><br>&#8226; At least a Degree in relevant field (eg. Political Science; Social Science, Public Policy; International Affair Management).<br>&#8226; At least 1-year experiences in mobilising and working with communities, as well government agencies.<br>&#8226; Preferable with programme and campaign&#8217;s management<br>&#8226; Display maturity, flexibility, responsibility, integrity and have an open and inclusive attitude and respect for diversity and social justice.<br>&#8226; Knowledge and understanding in the area of gender equality, women&#8217;s rights, intersectionality, democracy, governance and community empowerment.<br>&#8226; Possess good spoken and written communication skills in Bahasa Melayu and English. Knowledge of Mandarin will be an added advantage.<br>&#8226; Possess interest in conducting researches work&#160;</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Penang Women&#8217;s Development Corporation (PWDC) is a state-funded body established to mainstream gender into the policies, programmes and practises of all sectors in the state of Penang, to achieve gender equality and social justice.&#160; This will be accomplished through research, advocacy and capacity development in areas&#160; of gender responsive policies, economic empowerment, and women&#8217;s empowerment and leadership programmes. PWDC works in smart partnership with all levels of the Penang state and local governments, non-governmental and community-based organisations, academe,&#160; private sector and the public.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/programme-officer-4425509?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4425509&sectionRank=3&token=0~2d38553a-f94c-4e3d-b421-a4fa9c17a1a0&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 