---
title: "QS Enrolment Solutions Vacancies Student Engagement & Conversion Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-09 
excerpt: "QS Enrolment Solutions is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Student Engagement & Conversion Specialist which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>QS Enrolment Solutions is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Student Engagement & Conversion Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Are you interested in helping future students achieve their potential through educational opportunities? Do you have international experience, know more than one language, or have you studied overseas for your university education?</strong></div><div><strong>Would you like to work for a globally recognised organisation that enables motivated people, anywhere in the world, to fulfill their potential through educational achievement, international mobility, and career development?</strong></div><div><strong>The Student Engagement and Conversion Specialist is expected to be a brand ambassador for the client institution and deliver excellent, high quality customer service in ensuring that students receive a positive experience throughout all aspects of the enquiry, application and offer processes to encourage conversion.</strong></div><div><strong>So what is your role about?</strong></div><ul><li>Build effective relationships with students, their parents and other internal or external stakeholders.</li><li>Adhere to Client Protocols and best practices to ensure enquiries are promptly, professionally and effectively responded to all times.</li><li>Ensure that company protocols are adhered to and targets are achieved and effectively manage work queues to meet expected response time and quality goals.</li><li>Provide effective case management with personalized follow up to connect with, engage, support and ultimately convert prospective students including providing accurate information and guidance.</li><li>Work as part of a team to plan, coordinate and deliver effective inbound or outbound campaigns that meet quality goals and client objectives.</li><li>Manage all communication channels effectively including phone, email, social media channels and others, while focusing on high quality customer service and conversion.</li><li>Ensure that data capture and reporting requirements are completed effectively and proactively provide feedback to continuously improve enquiry, application and offer processes or other operational work flows.</li></ul><div><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></div><div>We welcome candidates with global experience; you may have travelled the world, be a graduate from a university overseas&#160; or know multiple languages. We value this international experience highly and would love to speak with you further about the role. Besides, below are some of the qualities we believe are essential for this role:</div><ul><li>Bachelor Degree, Diploma or Equivalent</li><li>Communication skills &#8211; Strong proficiency in English (Written &amp; Spoken)</li><li>Computer/technical literacy &#8211;&#160; Must have sound knowledge of Microsoft Office software - Microsoft Excel, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint</li><li>Personal management skills &#8211; Must have ability to plan and manage multiple assignments and tasks, set priorities and adapt to changing conditions and work assignments</li><li>Work values &#8211; Must possess strong interpersonal skills and teamwork ethics</li><li>Multilingual abilities (Mandarin, Hindi, Other Asian/European languages) and/or experience in customer service environment will be an added advantage</li></ul><div><strong>What do we provide to you for you to succeed?</strong></div><ul><li>A dynamic and highly motivated team, flat hierarchies and great working atmosphere</li><li>Challenging and diversified tasks with direct responsibility</li><li>Attractive remuneration and package will commensurate with experience and qualification</li><li><strong>Performance Bonus based o</strong>n performance record</li><li><strong>OT &amp;Shift allowance </strong>for all the hard work especially when you are covering the extra hours and weekend operations</li><li><strong>Language allowance </strong>for qualified candidates</li><li>Your<strong>&#160;Medical Claims &#160;</strong>Are On Us</li><li><strong>Work Life Balance Culture</strong></li><li><strong>Career advancement</strong></li></ul><div>Are you ready to elevate your working skills and experience? Click the &#8216;<strong>Apply Now&#8217;</strong>&#160;and you are one step ahead to an awesome career!</div><div><strong>As the business do support weekend operations as well, the working hours will be between Monday to Sunday and not exceeding 38 hours per week otherwise it will be counted as OT.</strong></div><div><strong>*Work from Home Flexibility During RMCO*</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>QS Enrolment Solutions is the global market leader for research and understanding of international and domestic students with offices in Australia, Malaysia and the UK.</div>
<div>We are a business under Quacquarelli Symonds (&#8216;QS&#8217;), best known for publishing the QS World University Rankings &#8211; the world&#8217;s most popular university ranking system. Like QS, we share the passion for education and innovation, celebrate diversity and collaboration and deliver our service with integrity and empowerment.</div>
<div>At QS Enrolment Solutions, you&#8217;ll work in global but tight-knit teams, delivering our research, strategy, enquiry, admissions and enrolment services to our clients. You&#8217;ll find yourself communicating with students across the globe, helping them progress through their decision-making journey while gaining unique insight into the student recruitment market.</div>
<div>Regardless of expertise, know that your work plays an important role in helping students everywhere around the world find the right-fit institution to realise their potential.</div>


Be a part of QS Enrolment Solutions today.</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/student-engagement-conversion-specialist-4420515?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4420515&sectionRank=1&token=0~6ffc1593-e57c-4ea3-9cd4-7b242577603c&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 