---
title: "FELCRA Berhad Vacancies Chief Executive FELCRA College" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-05 
excerpt: "FELCRA Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Chief Executive FELCRA College which positioned at Perak" 
tags: [Perak] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>FELCRA Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Chief Executive FELCRA College</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><strong>Job Requirements</strong></div><div><ul><li>A Malaysian citizen</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>Minimum age of 18 years old at closing date of this advertisement</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>A Degree holder in related fields from local universities or universities accredited by MQA</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>A PhD holder in related fields accredited by MQA will be an advantage</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>A minimum of 10 years of experience in education management and administration in higher learning institutions both private and public institutions.</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>Experience in the field of marketing educational products of Private Higher Education Institutions will be a plus.</li></ul></div><div><div><strong>Main Job Scopes</strong></div><ul><li>The main role of the Chief Executive is to build the vision and strategies in positioning the College in the forefront of education and innovation development.</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>Responsible in leading, inspire and strengthening management team and its staff, continuously uphold strong work practices between Senior Management College Team and FELCRA Berhad.</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>Responsible to implement policies and provide strong leadership to the staff with greater understanding of the mission, values and aspiration of the College.</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>Plan, implement and monitor Students&#8217; Affairs Management systems and programs in accordance with the requirements of Private Higher Educational Institutions Act 1996 (Act 555) and any other related regulations.</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>Manage or facilitate projects or initiatives at international level in any fields (e.g. Government, educational, medical, agricultural)</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>Design strategic business plans of College FELCRA and ensure its effective and efficient implementation</li></ul></div><div><ul><li>Plan and execute marketing strategies to increase more students&#8217; enrolments.</li></ul></div></div><div>Remuneration is subject to qualifications and related experiences in accordance to FELCRA Berhad Service Scheme of FELCRA Berhad.</div><div>Please send your resume with passport-sized photo and copies of related certified certificates to the address below:</div><div><strong>Ketua Pegawai Eksekutif</strong></div><div><strong>Ibu Pejabat FELCRA Berhad</strong></div><div><strong>Wisma FELCRA, Lot PT 4780,</strong></div><div><strong>Jalan Rejang, Setapak Jaya,</strong></div><div><strong>Peti Surat 12254, 50772 Kuala Lumpur.</strong></div><div><strong>(u.p:- Cawangan Pengurusan Sumber Manusia)</strong></div><div>(Please write down the applied position on the left corner of the envelope)</div><div><strong>Closing Date : 30th November 2020.</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Corporatised in 1997 FELCRA Berhad expands its business ventures towards new and potential opportunities that will bring the Company achieves its national aspirations while providing continuous benefits to its stakeholders. FELCRA Berhad is now accelerating its transformation journey and is looking for capable and dynamic people who are results-driven to elevate the Company to heights.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Perak. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/chief-executive-felcra-college-4416658?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4416658&sectionRank=7&token=0~825f6d23-158a-4988-a0d5-91d95ab3d672&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 