---
title: "GPL Group of Companies Vacancies STANDARDS AND COMPLIANCE – EXECUTIVE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-04 
excerpt: "GPL Group of Companies is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the STANDARDS AND COMPLIANCE – EXECUTIVE which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GPL Group of Companies is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>STANDARDS AND COMPLIANCE – EXECUTIVE</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><div><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>To develop, review and implement operational policies, procedures and guidelines.</li><li>To ensure ongoing compliance with quality and industry regulatory requirements.</li><li>Work closely with the training team to plan, design and implement new training programs, to achieve the desired learning outcomes and organizational requirements.</li><li>Collaborate with Business Unit Heads and HR to recommend and develop effective procedures, policies and training programs geared to the business needs and to ensure continuous assessment of staff competency skills and gaps.</li><li>Responsible for conducting monthly checks/audits at all our&#160; facilities, to monitor the quality of customer service provided and also the standard set for the upkeep of our facilities.</li><li>To document all monthly report on facilities checks/audits properly and present at EXCO meetings.</li><li>Identify areas for service and facilities improvement, make recommendations to the management.</li><li>Investigate customer complaints and non-compliance issues.</li><li>General administration and other ad-hoc assignments may be added from time to time.</li></ul><div><strong>REQUIREMENT:</strong></div><ul><li>Must possess at least a Diploma/Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Hospitality, or a related field (essential).</li><li>A minimum 3-4 years experience in training, development management or hospitality industry.</li><li>Excellent written and communication skills in English, Malay and able to converse in Chinese dialects will be an added advantage.</li><li>Good and high level of competence with Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel &amp; Word.</li><li>A self-motivated person, able to multi-task, a good&#160; team player with effective inter-personal, communication, analytical, planning, and organizational skills.</li><li>Have the ability to demonstrate a positive, resourceful, creative, flexible, with&#160; high adaptability to changing priorities, demands, possess a high level of responsibility and&#160; integrity.</li><li>Must possess own transport and be willing to travel outstation as and when required.</li></ul><div><strong>BENEFITS:</strong></div><ul><li>Attractive remuneration package according to relevant experience and qualifications.</li><li>Group personal accident, hospitalization and surgical Insurance for confirmed staff.</li><li>Season parking provided.</li></ul></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	We are a group of Companies in the leisure &amp; entertainment industry with a strong presence in Malaysia. We are seeking for a dedicative, proactive and ambitious professional to be a part of our vibrant team.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/standards-and-compliance-executive-4435827?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4435827&sectionRank=8&token=0~314f9f66-59f5-401d-87bb-afe6c0db84f0&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 