---
title: "CBS Corporate Business Solutions Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Cbs Graduates Junior Education Program" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-02 
excerpt: "CBS Corporate Business Solutions Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Cbs Graduates Junior Education Program which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CBS Corporate Business Solutions Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Cbs Graduates Junior Education Program</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Location: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia</strong></p><p>The ultimate aim of large industrial companies is to bring digital business processes onto one global solution platform. cbs Corporate Business Solutions is the key to making this vision a reality.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>Being premium SAP consultancy and global system integrator, cbs has now brought its unique end-to-end business transformation portfolio to Asia. This is an exciting career opportunity for any IT students or graduates that looking to enter the prosperous, future-oriented world of global SAP S/4HANA.</p><p>We invite suitably qualified and performance driven individual to join our team as:</p><p><strong>Cbs Graduates/Junior Education Program</strong></p><p>In this position, you will embark on a 6 months education program.&#160;You will have the chance to learn how SAP consulting works and develop knowledge and skills in the technical/functional area.</p><p><strong>Benefits of the program:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Provides a platform for building a successful career in SAP consulting</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Strong support provided where mentors are assigned to monitor trainee performance and development</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Chance to work in a challenging and dynamic environment with a team of experienced SAP Consultants delivering Solution-oriented process for international companies</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Be part of our ONE story: Join a passionate team of highly skilled consultants who are setting new standards of quality with a common focus on our global growth agenda for 2025.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Experience the energy and enthusiasm of a successful global transformation company. At cbs, we combine our unique services with an infectious team spirit, a dynamic start-up culture, and the sound foundation of a long-standing global business and customer base</p><p>&#160;<strong>You are a good fit if you have the following:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Recent and fresh graduates/graduating soon with a degree in IT, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Finance, Business Information Technology, or relevant fields</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Young adults (with less than 2 years working experience) looking to change their career</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;CGPA 3.00 (minimum) and above, if applicable.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Good written and spoken English communication skills</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Knowledge in programming languages with understanding of SAP would be an added advantage</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Desire to learn and work in an international project environment</p><p><strong>Interested in sharing the ONE passion?</strong></p><p>We&#8217;d love to hear from you! Don&#8217;t hesitate to contact us by email or LinkedIn, or by visiting our application portal. We look forward to receiving your application documents, which should include your r&#233;sum&#233; (along with education details), cover letter, salary expectations, and references (if available). If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.</p><p><strong>5 positions available. </strong>Only shortlisted candidate will be notified, thank you!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div><strong>cbs Corporate Business Solutions</strong></div>
<div>We implement the business solutions of the future. Our customers are big-name international industrial enterprises. As process consultants and SAP specialists, we give them comprehensive support worldwide. Enterprise-wide solutions are our goal. We leverage our market-leading expertise to successfully connect digital transformation and globalization in the SAP space.</div>
<div><strong>Highly satisfied customers</strong></div>
<div>&#160;Our customers count on our expertise, innovativeness, and experience. They love our team spirit. They put their trust in us because our consultants are passionate about helping them succeed.</div>
<div><strong>One Digital Corporation on SAP S/4HANA</strong></div>
<div>Our end-to-end business transformation portfolio is unique. With cbs ET for SAP S/4HANA&#174;, we deliver the world&#8217;s first standard software for transitioning to the new world of SAP.</div>
<div><strong>Committed to quality</strong><br>
&#160;We are systematically pursuing our strategy. As a leader in quality, we set standards. Our growth is robust. Corporate business solutions: our passion for 23 years.</div>
<div>cbs was founded in 1995 by former consultants from SAP AG as an independent organisation and SAP consultancy for international industrial corporations. Today cbs is a Materna Gmbh subsidiary and represents the consulting and SAP expertise of this international IT service provider. Within the Materna group, cbs acts independently on the market.</div>
<div>cbs has a longstanding close partnership with SAP AG. We are an SAP AG certified Service Partner and Special Expertise Partner.</div>
</div>
<div>Company Profile on LinkedIn:</div>
</div>
<div>https://www.linkedin.com/company/cbs-corporate-business-solutions/</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/cbs-graduates-junior-education-program-4434901?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4434901&sectionRank=29&token=0~e326ce51-e675-432f-9064-750f31009504&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 