---
title: "UNIVERSITY OF CYBERJAYA Vacancies Faculty Administrator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-05 
excerpt: "UNIVERSITY OF CYBERJAYA is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Faculty Administrator which positioned at Cyberjaya" 
tags: [Cyberjaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UNIVERSITY OF CYBERJAYA is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Faculty Administrator</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>This job is responsible to plan, coordinate and control the provision of administrative and secretariat services within the Faculty in accordance with related policy, procedures and guidelines.</p><p>This includes provision of Office and Finance administration services; Secretariat services for faculty level management and working committees; and supporting the implementation of courses and programmes offered within the faculty.</p><p>Job Scope:</p><p>Office Administration</p><p>&#8226; Provide administrative services to the faculty including maintenance of registers, office correspondence, office stationery and supplies, asset management, event coordination and others as required in accordance with established office procedures.</p><p>&#8226; Maintain and monitor the faculty filing and records including students&#8217; personal files and staff administrative records in accordance with document management guideline / ISO standards.</p><p>Secretariat for Faculty Meetings</p><p>&#8226; Provide secretariat services for the faculty level academic and management committees including meeting arrangement, compilation of papers and producing minutes of meeting to ensure proper documentations of meeting proceedings.</p><p>&#8226; Coordinate the compilation of papers to be tabled at institution level committees by the faculty to ensure compliance with the respective committee&#8217;s paper submission procedures and requirements.</p><p>Course Scheduling and implementation</p><p>&#8226; Assist Deputy Dean (Academic) in coordinating course scheduling / other arrangements between the various years, disciplines, faculties, centres and University departments.</p><p>&#8226; Supervise the preparation and scheduling of academic calendar for all programmes in the Faculty to ensure it records in detail the academic activities and executed as scheduled.</p><p>Faculty Assessments and Examinations</p><p>&#8226; Take precautions and maintain the safety and confidentiality of question papers in accordance with the university standards and guidelines.</p><p>&#8226; Coordinate provision of logistics including assisting staff/invigilators/simulated patients/equipment and other paraphernalia as required for clinical/professional examinations.</p><p>Financial Administration</p><p>&#8226; Coordinate the preparation and implementation of annual budget for the faculty with necessary cost/expense/budget controls for effective use of resources in accordance with financial procedures.</p><p>&#8226; Provide feedback to Dean&#8217;s office and faculty on financial performance and budget utilization to ensure faculty expenses are within the approved budget.</p><p>Skills and Competencies:</p><p>&#8226; Proactive and can work independently with minimum supervision</p><p>&#8226; Able to communicate &amp; write in Bahasa Malaysia &amp; English</p><p>&#8226; Must be computer literate and good in Microsoft Word &amp; Excel.</p><p>&#8226; Minimum Degree in any Social Science discipline, preferably with Administration or Information Management qualifications.</p><p>&#8226; Minimum 2-3 years of experience in managing administration, or management in an educational industry.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div><strong>University of Cyberjaya (UoC)</strong> is a top-tier university in Malaysia as reflected in the latest Malaysian Qualification Agency&#8217;s SETARA ratings which has accorded UoC a Tier 5 (Excellent) rating on par with leading public universities. Established in 2005, the university is located in Cyberjaya, Malaysia&#8217;s first smart-city on a 5 acre, modern, fully equipped, green-friendly campus. The campus is surrounded by lush greeneries and provides a serene, conducive environment for student living and learning.</div>
<div>UoC now offers more than 20 programmes including degrees and masters and doctorate level postgraduate research courses in a wide variety of disciplines including medical sciences, pharmaceutical sciences, psychology, physiotherapy, homeopathic medical sciences, biomedical technology engineering and business among others.</div>
<div>In the knowledge industry, an institution&#8217;s greatest assets are its employees. We are committed to the development and growth of our employees and will continue to provide the necessary support and motivation in an ever evolving industry. And that is why we are the 2015 Gold Winner for the prestigious US-based Workforce Magazine&#8217;s Optimas Award for Managing Change.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Cyberjaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/faculty-administrator-4437594?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4437594&sectionRank=29&token=0~ae1ff3d6-7a99-46c4-a785-f8cc19cd060c&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 