---
title: "Company Confidential Vacancies Learning and Development Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-24 
excerpt: "Company Confidential is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Learning and Development Executive which positioned at Shah Alam/Subang" 
tags: [Shah Alam/Subang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Company Confidential is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Learning and Development Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Summary:</strong></p><p>The Learning and Development Executive role including develop functional training modules, coordinate and implement learning and development programs in the organization, and manage the day-to-day L&amp;D administrations.&#160;This role works with the HR leader, Production Leaders and Machine Operators at the plant level to develop standardized functional training modules and training materials across the organization, this role also support and coordinate for leadership, soft skills and all L&amp;D coordination and related matters. There will be some interactions with the regional L&amp;D personnel.</p><p><strong>Essential Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Analyze job duties and writes Training Modules on standard work processes.</li><li>Develops standardize functional training plans, assessments and maintain training record and progress.</li><li>Delivers functional work processes training (Train the Trainers), schedule, coordinate and work with trainers to train operators.</li><li>The L&amp;D Executive will participate and support cross-functional initiatives, i.e., Safety and Quality SOP and training support, as needed.</li><li>Leadership &amp; Soft Skills programs coordination.</li><li>Support competency mapping activities.</li><li>Learning and Development Administrations including:</li></ul><ol><li>Support learning needs analysis</li><li>Plan and maintain training calendar and implementations</li><li>Training Tuesday (employees&#8217; meetings) on bi-weekly basis</li><li>Training evaluation and analysis</li><li>HRDF administration</li><li>External Training administration</li><li>L&amp;D Logistics coordination</li><li>Training record maintenance</li><li>Support HR projects and initiatives</li><li>Maintain training records as per QMS ISO9001:2018 requirement</li></ol><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li>Must be a team player and promote team atmosphere</li><li>Willing to be flexible in extending working hours to deliver training to trainees on a different shift hours</li><li>Willing to travel to another nearby plant to deliver work duties</li><li>Other duties as assigned</li></ul><p><strong>Education/ Knowledge/ Experience:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Human Resources, Business related field, Engineering, Science, etc.</li><li>At least 5 years of working experience in Human Resources, prefer candidate who worked in a manufacturing environment before, having experience in production operations will be an advantage</li><li>Able to read and understand training material and policies</li><li>At least 2 years of experience in Learning &amp; Development &#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Competencies:</strong></p><ul><li>Good oral, written, presentation, interpersonal communication, and team facilitation skills to effectively interact with all levels of employees including management and internal and external customers</li><li>Ability to anticipate problem areas and implement effective solutions before problems occurs</li><li>Working knowledge of safety disciplines, Company specific safety policies and procedures, and common industrial safety practices would be an advantage.</li><li>Must possess good organization and time management skills and practices.</li></ul><p><strong>Language Skills:&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Must be able to read, speak, and write Bahasa Melayu and English with strong interpersonal skills</li></ul><p><strong>Computer Skills:</strong>&#160;</p><ul><li>Must be capable of using a computer to write training documentation.</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel and Word understanding and use (i.e. writing formulas, conditional formatting, tables, etc.)</li></ul><p><strong>Work Environment:</strong></p><ul><li>This role is required to work and interact with the plant employees in the plant environment which could be humid and without air-conditioner.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We manufactures protective mailers and specialty packaging for the courier, e-commerce, fulfillment &amp; distribution markets. </strong></p><p><strong>We offer a full portfolio of branded and stock packaging with bubble lined and flat solutions.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Shah Alam/Subang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/learning-and-development-executive-4429687?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4429687&sectionRank=4&token=0~ca69553f-d94e-494f-a03a-9c1c2623d04a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 