---
title: "Uni Enrol Sdn Bhd Vacancies Student Education Consultant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-13 
excerpt: "Uni Enrol Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Student Education Consultant which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Uni Enrol Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Student Education Consultant</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Years of Experience</strong></p><ul><li>0-2 years</li></ul><p><strong>Remuneration</strong></p><ul><li>Basic salary from RM2,500 and commission / bonus</li></ul><p><strong>What We Look For</strong></p><ul><li>Highly driven and sales oriented and able to balance with prioritizing the interest of students seeking advice.</li><li>Humility, high sense of accountability and self-driven are values we look out for.&#160;</li><li>Someone who wants to be a part of a long term vision to build the best student counselling experience and passion to help students choose the best higher education path and in life.</li></ul><p><strong>Skills and Experience Required</strong></p><ul><li>Good sales and closing abilities to recruit students.&#160;</li><li>Have strong awareness, emphathy and interpersonal skills suitable in building relationships with students and parents.&#160;</li><li>Ability to learn fast and self-learn when needed but importantly as well to help your team mates.</li><li>Creative, self-initiated, and constantly championing solutions to solve issues</li><li>Hungry to achieve results, excellent work ethics and able to take on a steep learning curve.</li><li>Systematic, disciplined and focused in lead management</li><li>Ok with travelling and working over weekends when needed during peak periods</li></ul><p><strong>Job Scope and Commitments</strong></p><ul><li>Provide effective counselling service to students who are looking for the right colleges/universities in Malaysia or abroad</li><li>Attend counselling events in multiple states during recruitment periods.</li><li>Attend school events to build awareness&#160;</li><li>To maintain close links with stakeholders in the industry such as education institutions, other agent partners, school principals and counsellors,</li><li>To maintain good product knowledge, industry knowledge and market trends.</li><li>To support company in other related activities.&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>At Uni Enrol, we believe that students should be empowered with the necessary information and right advice to make well-informed decisions about their education pathways so they are closer in pursuing their passions and unlocking their potential.&#160;</div>
<div>With so much information, students still find themselves overwhelmed with information, misconception and biased opinions. Uni Enrol is an online company that develops technology and tools to provide full visibility and seamless experience for students to discover the right universities, courses and pathways for them; and to also get matched with scholarships, financial assistance and career insights to make the best decision.&#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/student-education-consultant-4443098?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4443098&sectionRank=1&token=0~5bd0d02e-2b93-4f50-9100-3ef2e8bf1b00&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 