---
title: "Detik Harapan Sdn Bhd Vacancies Admissions and Marketing Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-01 
excerpt: "Detik Harapan Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Admissions and Marketing Manager which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Detik Harapan Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Admissions and Marketing Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>The <strong>Admissions and Marketing Manager</strong> will work across the School to develop and implement the marketing, brand and admission management plan. The post holder should be highly innovative, dynamic and energetic. He/she needs to work diligently to not only promote the school, but also to present it in a positive light. He/she must be confident, organized, and adaptable and possess strong creative and innovative skills.<div><strong>Key Results Areas/ Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Conceptualising marketing and branding strategies to achieve the strategic business goals of the School.</li><li>Organising and running external Marketing events, including Open Days, exhibitions &amp; roadshows, EduBooths, PISF etc aimed at driving enrolments, in accordance with the agreed calendar and strategies.</li><li>Accountable for driving enrolments (domestics and international) in order to meet targets via effective Admissions processes</li><li>Work proactively to build strong working relationships with departments to ensure that they receive an admissions service that meets their needs, whilst taking into consideration the resources available</li><li>Lead and manage the delivery and continuous development of an effective and flexible admissions services</li><li>Ensuring the delivery of a positive impression of the School in all interactions with families and stakeholders, whether by telephone, face to face or in writing.</li><li>Strategizing, developing and managing Business-to-Business (B2B) collaborations and sponsorship programme with other educational institutions locally or internationally</li><li>Designing, developing and executing effective school tours for prospective families which effectively sell the school, promoting the school&#8217;s academic and non-academic achievements.</li><li>Through the team leaders, monitor the provision of a customer focused service to applicants and enquirers, ensuring a prompt processing of applications and queries, meeting agreed turnaround times and maintaining an efficient operation at all times</li><li>Managing new student registration and orientation</li><li>Preparing student enrolment documents for presentation to the Admissions and Marketing Committee</li><li>Keeping abreast of the international school market in KL and in particular admissions trends.</li><li>Ensuring the effectiveness and up-to-date of applicant &amp; student information management thru the School Admissions Management System (OpenApply)&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Job Specifications</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma, Degree or Master Degree in Business Admin, Marketing, Communications or related field of study.</li><li>At least 5-8 years of experience in a similar role</li><li>Experienced in running digital marketing campaigns</li><li>Computer-literate</li><li>Numeracy skill in forecasting and reporting student number</li><li>Interpersonal skills that enable working with people at all levels, motivate others and change people&#8217;s attitudes when necessary</li><li>Ability to communicate effectively in English and Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>Leadership, problem-solving and negotiation skills</li><li>Initiative and the ability to offer new ideas</li><li>Organisational and planning skills to manage own time and to meet deadlines and objectives</li><li>A strong goal and results orientation</li><li>Good personal presentation.</li><li>Personal commitment to improving one&#8217;s own knowledge and skills</li><li>Able to work under pressure and tight deadlines</li><li>Courteous and accommodating</li><li>Has good work habits and attitude.</li><li>Detailed and organized.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>Igniting Minds,&#160;</strong><strong>Impacting Lives</strong></div>
<div>
<strong>Join us to make a difference in your career</strong></div>
<div>
		A unique opportunity exists as the IGB International School (IGBIS) conducts a search for support staff members to further the growth of this leading international school located in Sierramas, Sungai Buloh, 14 kilometres from the centre of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. IGBIS is the first and only International Baccalaureate (IB) World School in Malaysia that is authorised for all four IB programmes: the Primary Years Programme, the Middle Years Programme, the Diploma Programme, and the Career-related Programme. The school provides education for students from two years to 19 years of age.</div>
</div>
<div>
	At IGBIS, we believe that satisfaction in the workplace comes from seizing opportunities to challenge oneself, improve, and constantly learn new things. Our staff have the spirit of lifelong learners who approach tasks with enthusiasm and endeavour.</div>
<div>
	More information about the school can be found at www.igbis.edu.my.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/admissions-and-marketing-manager-4433758?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4433758&sectionRank=3&token=0~e2875056-6e2a-4c7a-b037-a7cc9cb3fc51&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 