---
title: "HELP International School Vacancies PHYSICAL EDUCATION TEACHER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-31 
excerpt: "HELP International School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PHYSICAL EDUCATION TEACHER which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HELP International School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PHYSICAL EDUCATION TEACHER</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>We seek an energetic and competitive minded <strong>PE Teacher,</strong> able to teach classes at both primary and secondary school level. Candidates with successful experience in coaching basketball, rugby, or football are encouraged to apply. The ability to teach swimming would be an added advantage.</p><p><strong>HELP International School</strong> has a remarkable record of being Malaysia&#8217;s fastest-growing international school ever. It has set itself a goal of becoming a world-renowned school for high-quality holistic education. It continues to invest heavily in its educational program on an annual basis and offers successful candidates a competitive remuneration package. If you think you have what it takes to work in a fast-paced, progressive learning environment, then we invite you to submit your application here.</p><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ul><li>Candidates must possess a degree and postgraduate teaching qualification.&#160;</li><li>Candidates should have undergone recent and relevant professional development.</li><li>Having at least 3 years of teaching experience in IGCSE is essential</li></ul><p><strong>DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><p><strong>ACADEMIC</strong></p><ul><li>Read,&#160;keep and abide&#160;by all circulars and directives from&#160;the&#160;Ministry of Education (MOE) and State Education Department&#160;regarding&#160;the&#160;teaching&#160;of the&#160;subject</li><li>Set achievable targets and make regular assessments of own teaching strategies and students&#8217; performance.</li><li>Prepare lesson plans.</li><li>Conduct regular assessments of students&#8217; performance and determine weaknesses and carry out the remedial actions.</li><li>Take all possible measures to ensure the safety of students whether in the classroom, in a special room, or in the school field.</li><li>Keep abreast with all new development in the teaching of the subject and make preparations accordingly.</li></ul><p><strong>CLASS ORGANISATION</strong></p><ul><li>It is the responsibility of all teachers to see the good management of the class in all aspects.</li><li>Ensure that the facilities in the class are always functional and that all furniture is in good condition.</li><li>Motivate, encourage, and look after the welfare of students in the class.</li><li>Encourage healthy interaction and competition among students in the class.</li><li>Impart moral values and contribute to character building.</li><li>Sensitive to the needs and problems faced by students.</li></ul><p><strong>(C) SUBJECT&#160;MATTER SPECIFIC&#160;RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>The teacher is also required to be involved in running extracurricular activities with students as well as help in planning and running of school events, lead and coordinate in activities related to their subject matter related area. <strong>Examples</strong> of this include :</li><li>for physical education, the teacher is to lead in school sports participation, oversee the competitive sports program including coaching and guiding for various sports</li><li>for music, to spearhead and leave in musical presentations, musicals, and the school orchestra</li></ul><p>Kindly note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	The HELP International School is part of the HELP International Corporation Berhad (HELP Group), the investment holding company for its various businesses, which are primarily in the field of education.</div>
<div>
	HELP International School is currently looking for qualified applicants who share our philosophy of education and our passion for working with children and youth.</div>
<div>
	For more details, check us out at www.his.edu.my</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/physical-education-teacher-4451447?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4451447&sectionRank=26&token=0~ee65aeea-ed27-4edf-bed3-26f889517ae3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 