---
title: "Nilai International School Vacancies Senior Administration Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-03 
excerpt: "Nilai International School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Administration Manager which positioned at Nilai" 
tags: [Nilai] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Nilai International School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Administration Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>&#8203;<strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><div>a) Overall responsible for the following broad functions and operations relating to:</div><ul><li>Registry</li><li>Student administration and services (including examinations, timetabling scheduling, security)</li><li>Accommodation</li><li><div>Facilities Management</div></li></ul><div><div>&#8203;b) Responsible for the Student Admissions process including national and international parental liaison, visas and permits, documents and records relating to the admission and retention of student, working with staff responsible for Sales and Marketing and Academic staff as necessary.</div><div>c)&#160; Responsible for the Health and Safety around the school site, including Fire, Emergency and Evacuation procedures and liaison with the Fire Department and licensing authorities regarding electricity, gas and water safety in school; responsible for compliance with local agencies, regulation and procedures applying to the School, including providing the Principal and other staff with prompt translation into English of all regulation and announcements relevant to their work.</div></div><div><div>d) Responsible for the safe management of school security, school vehicles and transport, school catering, school events and school accommodation in line with relevant laws, regulations and policies; responsible for the timely renewal of all licences and permits necessary to the school&#8217;s operations.</div></div><div><div>e) To oversee and responsible for the appearance, maintenance, upkeep and repair of the site, including management of contractors on site and monitoring and evaluation of their work, so as to enable the school to take forward its business of education smoothly, generating forward plans and budgets as necessary to ensure timely replacement and repairs within the school site.</div><div><div>f) Responsible for optimising the use of educational management software such as SIMS, and of educational support facilities such as Library, Robotics Room, Computer Rooms, Interactive Whiteboards, Sports Hall; assisting the Finance arm with budgeting, fee collections and purchasing, and the Marketing arm with events and school publication and communications.</div></div></div><div><div>g) To be responsible for the quality of customer experience of face-to-face, telephone and internet communication and services with Office, Security, Catering, and all customer-facing administrative staff; responsible for the efficient deployment, appraisal and performance management of non-teaching staff, and for making timely proposals related to their training, career development and succession.</div><div><div>h) In respect of all of these functions, taking responsibility for best-value procurement of goods and services, demonstrating exemplary financial prudence and procedural compliance; leading in the efficient management of resources in liaison with the Finance Officer and Principal; working at all times for the best interests of Nilai International School and of the Nilai Group, supporting the Principal and Heads of Departments and reporting to the Management as necessary to promote the security, growth and prosperity of the School and Group.</div><div><div>i) Any other duties from time to time which may be necessary for the effective performance of the responsibilities set out above as may be instructed by the management from time to time.</div></div></div></div><div>&#8203;</div><div><strong>Requirements:-</strong></div><ul><li><div>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management or equivalent.</div></li><li>At least 5&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Senior Manager specialized in Education or equivalent.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Nilai International School (NIS) </strong>is an International School that is accredited by the University of Cambridge International Examinations (CIE). We are committed to a fully inclusive education for children and have provision for Early Years, Primary, Secondary and an Education Support Unit for children with High-functioning Autism (ASD). We are also part of the same umbrella group that provides post 16 and Higher Education, Nilai University, which is located on an adjacent site.</div>
<div>At NIS the language of tuition is English and we follow the Cambridge curriculum from Early Years to Secondary. Our Cambridge programme is designed to optimally support and enhance the educational experience for each child. It is supported by state-of-the-art facilities, a Sports Centre with swimming pool and Information &amp; Communications Technology resources that are constantly updated with the latest computer equipment and learning software. All NIS students have access to a wide variety of co-curriculum activities that include sports from swimming, football, netball, golf and fencing, to technological and creative activities, such as public speaking, drama, art, batik, robotics and music. We believe learning and achievement go well beyond the classroom.</div>
<div>For further information, please browse www.nis.edu.my.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Nilai. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-administration-manager-4416885?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4416885&sectionRank=1&token=0~23e51bab-af0b-476c-8b48-0a7de3846162&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 