---
title: "Mutiara International Grammar School Sdn Bhd Vacancies Teacher - Primary or Secondary" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-29 
excerpt: "Mutiara International Grammar School Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Teacher - Primary or Secondary which positioned at Ampang" 
tags: [Ampang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Mutiara International Grammar School Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Teacher - Primary or Secondary</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are looking for highly enthusiatic and qualified teachers who can teach in the following specialised subjects:-</p><ul><li>English (English as Second Language(ESL); First Language English (FLE); English Literature; English as&#160;an Additional Language (EAL)</li><li>Islamic Studies</li><li>Counselor</li><li>Business Studies</li><li>Accounting&#160;&#160;</li><li>History</li><li>Maths &amp; Science</li><li>ICT</li><li>Geography</li><li>Physical Education</li></ul><p><strong>Experience:</strong></p><ul><li>A minimum of 4 years relevant teaching experience is preferred; experience gained in an international school and/or internationally, are highly desirable.</li><li>Teaching of the core subjects at IGCSE level would be an advantage.</li><li>Knowledge and experience of Cambridge Education or the National Curriculum or openness and interest to develop this.</li><li>Up to at least two sessions of CIE face to face subject training would be an advantage</li><li>Successful evidence of differentiated lesson delivery to students with a wide range of needs</li><li>Successful experience of managing an effective classroom environment to support pupil learning and positive behavior and improving student attainment</li><li>Proven ability to use ICT and new technologies to enhance the quality of teaching and learning for all students as well as in the organisation and management of their role</li><li>Evidence of responsible, effective and motivated tutoring skills.</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>To teach according to the timetable for the current year, ensuring that lessons are planned, ordered and effective</li><li>To be aware of the need to differentiate work and challenges according to the ability of the pupils, whilst maintaining high expectations of all and taking full account of any linguistic or other special needs</li><li>To work as part of a team, in harmony with and for the furtherance of the School&#8217;s ethos and declared educational aims and priorities</li><li>To be supportive of the department&#8217;s aims, agreed teaching styles, methods of assessment and other policies</li><li>Communicate regularly with the parents about the progress of the student.</li><li>To provide parents with written reports on their children&#8217;s work and progress according to current School policy and to attend parent-teacher meetings</li><li>Support learners to set their own goals and objectives by promoting independent learn</li><li>To facilitate the development of pupils&#8217; confidence, self-esteem, determination, responsibility and personal pride in achievement, behaviour and appearance</li><li>To establish and maintain high standards of communication with pupils, staff and parents</li><li>To take an interest in how the School functions and to convey suggestions for improvement to the Head of Department, Senior Management Team and Master from time to time.</li><li>Engage in personal learning and professional development, seeking feedback from others to improve teaching and learning strategies.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>To provide professional leadership and management of all aspects of specialised subject matter at Key Stages 1/2/3/4 or 5&#160;</li><li>Working knowledge of the CIE curriculum</li><li>To be accountable for high quality teaching and learning</li><li>To manage resources efficiently and effectively</li><li>To improve standards of teaching and learning for all pupils within the Key Stage.</li></ul><p><strong>Attitude and Character:</strong></p><ul><li>Must have an international mind set for lifelong learning, committed, enthusiastic, ethical&#160;</li><li>Must possess the following qualities:</li><li>Leadership, strong organisational culture, technology skills and a team player</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Mutiara International Grammar School (MIGS)&#160;is a privately-owned international school located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. We offer the National Curriculum of England (up to IGCSE). Our students and teachers come from all over the world. Guided by our values of Discovering Potential, Learning to Care and Respecting Differences __ we strive to shape our students into becoming global citizens. With a current student body (aged 4 - 16) of approximately 350, we are a small but vibrant school.&#160;</p><p>The school is presently undergoing intense development and change process. In line with the school&#8217;s expansion programme, MIGS is looking for suitably qualified candidates to fill teaching and other positions. We are seeking experienced and committed candidates who are able to work collaboratively in a multicultural setting and who share our values and aspirations.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Ampang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/teacher-primary-or-secondary-4452499?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4452499&sectionRank=26&token=0~f36a1ecc-b052-46db-b964-2c6920094ca2&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 