---
title: "Jora Jobs Vacancies Course Coordinator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-22 
excerpt: "Jora Jobs is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Course Coordinator which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Jora Jobs is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Course Coordinator</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>AESTHETIC ACADEMY ASIA</strong></div><div><strong>About Aesthetic Academy Asia</strong></div><div>Aesthetic Academy Asia (AAA) provides Aesthetic Medical training programs for Doctors, Nurses and Aestheticians. The Academy has several training programs that caters for both local and international students.</div><div>The Academy also provide Clinical Services such as Laser Skin Rejuvenation, Laser Hair Removal, Sliming, BOTOX Cosmetic, Dermal Fillers and other Aesthetic procedures for our regular and walk-in Clients.</div><div>Our vision is to become a leading Aesthetic Academy that provides exceptional Aesthetic education to produce knowledgeable, skilled and confident Aesthetic practitioners. We are constantly looking for dedicated, responsible and matured individual who can be part of us and help to achieve our aim. We want team-players who can work independently and complete tasks within stipulated deadline. Candidates should have good grooming, customer service etiquette and communication skills, especially in English.</div><div><strong>Job Description &#8211; Course Coordinator</strong><ul><li>To assist in generating leads (database) for local and international market (Doctors, Nurses and Beauticians) for specific training programs.</li><li>To communicate and follow-up with the leads / enquiries and replying their email enquiries, postings on FB, text message, phone calls, etc. NOTE: ALL ENQUIRIES MUST BE REPLIED WITHIN THE SAME DAY.</li><li>To update the lead database daily.</li><li>To work towards converting the leads into active candidates.</li><li>To ensure smooth student registration and recruitment process.</li><li>To prepare and forward necessary registration documents to candidates.</li><li>To update student file accordingly.</li><li>To follow up on student affairs.</li><li>To overlook and / or assist in the Company&#8217;s marketing activities, especially in social media related activities.</li><li>To assist in the Company&#8217;s daily operations and to ensure a smooth operation.</li></ul><div><strong>Staff need to have the following skills / knowledge:</strong><ul><li>To have through knowledge in using MICROSOFT OFFICE, especially email system (Outlook) and WINDOWS.</li><li>To have through knowledge in drafting and replying emails, PROFESSIONALLY.</li><li>To have through knowledge in email etiquettes, customer service and must possess a responsible working culture.</li><li>To have through knowledge about the use of Search Engines, Facebook and Social Media for searching leads, replying enquiries and collaboration.</li><li>To have through knowledge in the use of emails, email campaign, text-messaging applications and related services, including PDPA regulations.</li><li>Good communication skills especially in drafting letters and emails.</li><li>Knowledge in International and local online payment system, including local educational funds will be an added advantage.</li></ul><div><strong>Staff will be trained in the following areas for a period not longer than 3-weeks:</strong><ul><li>About the Academy and course details.</li><li>List of Aesthetic procedures.</li><li>Academy&#8217;s website and social media details.</li><li>Lead generation and lead management protocol.</li><li>Student registration and activation process.</li><li>Student affair details.</li><li>Other administrative and operational details.</li></ul><div><strong>Contract and Remunerations</strong><ul><li>Basic: RM 2000 - RM 3000 per month.</li><li>Commission: Applicable upon completing the probation / training period and upon achieving the KPI.</li><li>EPF and SOCSO contributions.</li><li>Contract terms: 6-months per term</li><li>06-day annual leave per term &amp; basic medical benefits.</li></ul><div><strong>Probation</strong><ul><li>2 months from the date of joining.</li></ul><div><strong>Operating hours</strong><ul><li>Tuesday to Saturday from 9.00 am to 6.00 pm.</li><li>Alternate Sundays from 9.00 am to 5.00 pm.&#160;</li><li>Closed on Mondays and alternate Sundays and on FT Public Holidays.</li></ul><div><strong>Dress code</strong><ul><li>Formal office attire with pleasant and neat grooming.</li><li>Sandals, jeans, t-shirts and likewise dressings are not permitted.</li></ul></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>Who are we?</strong></div>
<div>
	Jora Malaysia is a search engine for jobs throughout Malaysia.<br>
	Unlike traditional job boards, users can search through thousands of career opportunities, all sourced from many job sites from around Malaysia.&#160;</div>
<div>
<div>
<strong>This Job Ad is one of the carefully selected pick from the clients of Jora Malaysia.</strong></div>
<div>
<strong>Your application will be redirected to them.</strong></div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/course-coordinator-4448257?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4448257&sectionRank=21&token=0~4b505445-0a8b-48fb-9e15-dddd46505d7f&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 