---
title: "HELP International School Vacancies COMPUTER SCIENCE, ROBOTICS & TECHNOLOGY TEACHER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-14 
excerpt: "HELP International School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the COMPUTER SCIENCE, ROBOTICS & TECHNOLOGY TEACHER which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HELP International School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>COMPUTER SCIENCE, ROBOTICS & TECHNOLOGY TEACHER</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>HELP International School</strong> is one of Malaysia's leading international schools. It has a reputation for high quality holistic education or academic success of celebrated, but equal emphasis is also placed on developing a broad range of 21st-century skills and understandings.</div><div>We seek to appoint a highly innovative and inspirational Technology specialist who will help our school become a leading hub for authentic STEAM learning. We need an inventor, innovator, engineer, IT nerd, and general all-round risk taker. The appointee will work collaboratively across our Computer Science and Design Technology &amp; Art Departments.</div><div>Our school is an Apple Distinguished School. It has an on-going programme of investment in the area of educational and design technology. We are in the process of forging a close working partnership with HELP University, a leader in the field of research into artificial intelligence and machine learning in Malaysia. We are also developing a close partnership with industry to help provide more authentic, experiential learning experiences for our students.</div><div>The successful candidate will be someone who can think outside the box, and provide our learners with real world learning experiences that can potentially develop their technical and entrepreneurial skills. This role would be very suitable for someone who wants to do something special, unique and be given licence to pursue their passions and ideas around<br>how to develop more innovative use of educational and design technologies.</div><div>HELP international School offers a competitive remuneration package. The school makes significant investment in the professional development of its teaching professionals. We promote a culture of growing and developing leaders, and wherever possible, support our teachers with opportunities for further university study.<div><br>Please submit your curriculum vitae and letter of application, complete the HIS Employment Application form which is available at our website (www.his.edu.my), attach a passport photo and the names and contact details of at least two referees. The school reserves the right to make an early appointment should a suitably qualified and experienced candidate be available.</div><br><strong>REQUIREMENTS FOR THE POSITION OF TEACHER</strong><div><strong>Key Requirements Include:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Familiarity with, or prerequisite experience in working with the National Curriculum of England and Wales.</li><li>Ability to teach in an English language environment with a strong level of fluency.</li><li>Provide teaching experience in the areas of Robotics, Virtual Reality, 3D printing, and Computer Programming (coding).</li><li>Experience (or familiarity with) tools such as but not limited to AutoCAD, laser cutting, Arduino, Makey-Makey, Codecademy, Sphero, Tynker, Bee-Bot, Parrot Mini-Drone, Raspberry Pi.</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications Required:</strong><ul><li>Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field.</li><li>Solid subject matter knowledge in a majority of these areas, LEGO Mindstorms, Robotics competitions, computer programming, and engineering at KS2 to KS4.</li><li>The ideal candidate is outgoing, well organised, competent in basic computer skills, and is an individual who is eager to work in a highly dynamic, energetic school setting.</li></ul><div><strong>Preferred experience:</strong></div><ul><li>Ideal candidate will have had some industry experience, or undertaken research in a university setting into artificial intelligence and machine learning.</li><li>Experience or degree in Coding.</li><li>Engineering experience in fabrication and robotics.</li><li>Experience or degree in Game Design</li><li>Google Certified Innovator</li></ul><div>Kindly note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.</div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	The HELP International School is part of the HELP International Corporation Berhad (HELP Group), the investment holding company for its various businesses, which are primarily in the field of education.</div>
<div>
	HELP International School is currently looking for qualified applicants who share our philosophy of education and our passion for working with children and youth.</div>
<div>
	For more details, check us out at www.his.edu.my</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/computer-science-robotics-technology-teacher-4423668?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4423668&sectionRank=22&token=0~a860236b-49d1-4ca9-a1db-d0882cd813c5&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 