---
title: "SILVERBULL SDN. BHD.- Vacancies PE Teacher" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-16 
excerpt: "SILVERBULL SDN. BHD.- is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PE Teacher which positioned at Puchong" 
tags: [Puchong] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SILVERBULL SDN. BHD.- is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PE Teacher</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are hiring a <strong>PE Teacher</strong>&#160;</p><p>It is essential that the candidate has the initiative and the skills/abilities to lead in an student-centered and innovative environment.</p><p>Candidates should have experience working with K-12 students and we prefer experience working with the International UK school curriculum.</p><p><strong>Global Services in Education (GSE)</strong>, the school&#8217;s operator, has extensive experience setting up and managing international schools and the candidate will be supported by proven systems, mentoring and coaching by experienced educational leaders.</p><p>https://www.gsineducation.com</p><p><strong>Our School Mission Statement</strong></p><p>Our School inspires students through: The Pursuit of Excellence Through Hearts, Minds and Hands</p><p><strong>Our Core Values</strong></p><ul><li>Courage and Persistence: We refuse to give in to doubt and fear. We persist with unrelenting determination.</li><li>Creative and critical thinking: We engage in lifelong learning, knowing that a pursuit of excellence and innovation occurs when we harness our brains&#8217; power and opportunities.</li><li>Integrity and truth</li><li>Think and act ethically: We do what we know is right rather than what is convenient. We are accountable through our consistent thoughts, actions and values.</li><li>Respect and self worth: We believe in and respect the inherent worth of ourselves and every other person.</li><li>Responsible and Ethical: We act responsibly, ethically and in a disciplined way, knowing that our thoughts and actions affect others and make the world a better place.</li><li>Valuing Global Diversity: We believe in and foster the creation of a common, connected and supportive humanity.</li></ul><p><strong>Unique Characteristics of the School</strong></p><p>The school delivers a fully accredited UK curriculum registered for the Cambridge International Examinations. What differentiates our school, however, is its commitment to Technology and Innovation.</p><p><strong>GSE Teacher/Staff Profile:</strong></p><p>A willingness to learn from others is at the heart of all GSE faculties. We are a highly collaborative community made up of individuals who respect each other and exhibit a willingness to explore the process of building, implementing, evaluating, and revising programs. Coaching and mentoring are attributes of GSE staff and both are infused inside and outside the classroom. GSE staff are encouraged to foster a reflective environment and share teaching methods, materials, and assessment techniques with a whole-child perspective.</p><p><strong>Application Procedures:</strong></p><p>Teacher will begin January 6 2020. (To be negotiated)</p><p>Applicants should submit the following materials to&#160;<strong>recruitment&#160;...&#160;kingsgate.edu.my</strong>&#160;:</p><ul><li>&#160;A letter of application outlining your educational philosophy, strengths and professional and personal interests. (max 2 pages)</li><li>A current curriculum vitae (max 2 pages)</li><li>A professional photo</li><li>A list of at least three professional referees with current telephone numbers and email addresses.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Kingsgate International School opened in September 2018 as Malaysia&#8217;s premier international school. As a dynamic British International school we aim to live out our vision as a leader of innovation not only through our classrooms but also in our school management, marketing and school operations</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Puchong. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pe-teacher-4424694?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4424694&sectionRank=17&token=0~89a5f92b-ced3-4436-88bb-1715de411ece&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 