---
title: "HELP International School Vacancies PSYCHOLOGY TEACHER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-18 
excerpt: "HELP International School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PSYCHOLOGY TEACHER which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HELP International School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PSYCHOLOGY TEACHER</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>HELP International School</strong> is one of Malaysia's leading international schools. It has a reputation for high quality holistic education or academic success of celebrated, but equal emphasis is also placed on developing a broad range of 21st-century skills and understandings.</div><div>We seek to appoint a highly capable and enthusiastic teacher of Psychology in our A-Level department. The appointee will likely teach A-Level students. We require a teacher who has the ability to share their passion with their students. We are looking for someone who will go the extra mile for the students in their charge; as well as an ability to maintain an orderly, collaborative learning environment for our students.</div><div>HELP international School offers a competitive remuneration package. The school makes significant investment in the professional development of its teaching professionals. We promote a culture of growing and developing leaders, and wherever possible, support our teachers with opportunities for further university study.</div><div>Please submit your curriculum vitae and letter of application, complete the HIS Employment Application form which is available at our website (www.his.edu.my), attach a passport photo and the names and contact details of at least two referees. The school reserves the right to make an early appointment should a suitably qualified and experienced candidate be available.</div></div><div><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS FOR THE POSITION OF TEACHER</strong></div><div><strong>Teaching and Assessment</strong></div><ul><li>To have an in-depth understanding of their subject area content, skills and understanding as prescribed in the English National Curriculum, I/GCSE and A Level&#8217;s syllabuses, and the school&#8217;s schemes of work.</li><li>Proactive and reflective approach to planning of lessons and sequences of lessons to maximise the learning opportunities for each individual student in the class through appropriate differentiation.</li><li>Effectively using Assessment for Learning and other High Impact Teaching Strategies on a regular basis to maximise learning.</li><li>Select relevant resources and digital tools to support and enhance learning.</li><li>Develop appropriate assessment tasks, providing timely and effective feedback that enhances student&#8217;s learning.</li><li>To promote a growth mindset in the classroom &#8211; that all students can and will succeed.</li><li>Take responsibility for a class, supporting, nurturing and taking a genuine interest in the holistic development of all students in that class; knowing each of them individually as a learner.</li><li>Use flexible groupings and structured inquiry to deliver high quality lessons that develop conceptual understanding, critical thinking skills, knowledge, collaboration and communication skills.</li><li>Communicate effectively with students, parents and colleagues in a timely, professional manner.</li></ul><div><strong>Wider Professional Roles</strong></div><ul><li>Having a thorough and up-to-date knowledge of the teaching of their subject(s), their students, curriculum, most effective research-based pedagogies.</li><li>Using a range of appropriate strategies for classroom management.</li><li>Maintain a well organised and stimulating learning environment, with displays that reflect the students&#8217; learning journeys, current focus areas, and co-constructed essential agreements.</li><li>Taking responsibility for own professional development and using the outcomes to improve teaching and students&#8217; learning.</li><li>Making an active contribution to the policies and aspirations of the school.</li><li>Ensuring administration of classroom procedures are completed efficiently and in a timely manner.</li><li>Collaborating with members of the school community to build a team environment that supports students&#8217; learning.</li></ul><div><strong>Additional responsibilities may include</strong></div><ul><li>Managing a homeroom class, or assist in an aspect of daily school management.</li><li>Assisting year Heads of Year, Heads of Department, Pastoral Coordinators, Principal, Head of Secondary, and Assistant Principals with the performance of specific functions.</li><li>Assisting with or managing a specialist function such as sport, careers, student welfare, excursions or camps co-ordination.</li><li>Supervising a range of student activities including support and welfare programmes.</li><li>Developing a school transition programme and facilitating the associated orientation programme.</li><li>Support colleagues in the planning, implementation and review of teaching and learning programmes.</li><li>Contributing to the development of curriculum policies and programmes.</li><li>Contributing to the school-wide professional development programme.</li></ul><div>Kindly note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	The HELP International School is part of the HELP International Corporation Berhad (HELP Group), the investment holding company for its various businesses, which are primarily in the field of education.</div>
<div>
	HELP International School is currently looking for qualified applicants who share our philosophy of education and our passion for working with children and youth.</div>
<div>
	For more details, check us out at www.his.edu.my</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/psychology-teacher-4426145?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4426145&sectionRank=23&token=0~2d38553a-f94c-4e3d-b421-a4fa9c17a1a0&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 