---
title: "TDCX Vacancies Learning & Development Manager - E-Payment Gateway Account" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-19 
excerpt: "TDCX is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Learning & Development Manager - E-Payment Gateway Account which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>TDCX is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Learning & Development Manager - E-Payment Gateway Account</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are looking for Learning and Development Manager to join our growing family. Come home and start your #BeHappier journey with TDCX today!</div><div><strong>Top reasons to work here:</strong></div><ul><li>Attractive Remuneration.&#160;&#8203;</li><li>Comprehensive Medical Care and&#160;Insurance Coverage.&#160;&#8203;</li><li>Premium &amp; Instagrammable workspaces&#160;&#8203;</li><li>Get engaged and recognized with our Engagement &amp; Recognition Program.&#8203;</li><li>Getting coached and mentored by experts in your field.&#160;&#8203;</li><li>Fun and flexible working arrangements.&#160;&#8203;</li><li>Easy to locate area with direct access to&#160;public transport.&#160;&#8203;</li><li>Incredible opportunities for you to develop your personal and professional skillsets.&#160;&#8203;</li><li>25 years of experience and more than 200industry awards&#160;&#8203;</li><li>Our culture believes in the power of teamwork, initiative, courage, innovation,&#160;and trust, for you #BeHappier&#160;at work.&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>What is your mission?</strong><br>As a Learning and Development Manager, you will be actively manage, lead, innovate, motivate and develop a team of trainers and/or quality leads. Be involved in developing systems, processes and team members to achieve superior levels of service.</div><div><strong>You are also required to perform these job functions:</strong></div><ul><li>Drive individual and team goals including but not limited to training certifications for trainers, deadlines for training remediations, review targets for quality leads, and all other relevant team metrics.</li><li>Strategically manage the workload and workflows for both quality and training teams and set up the right organizational structures to support all lines of business and workflows.</li><li>Proactively communicate with stakeholder on daily operational matters relating to training and quality.</li><li>Partner with operational teams to ensure that refresher training needs are identified and delivered.</li><li>Become a customer experience expert partner by developing in-depth knowledge on training and quality processes (audits, calibrations, certifications etc.). Proactively suggest improvements to those processes and closely collaborate and provide feedback on new launches or process changes with a potential impact to quality or training</li><li>Provide timely team member reviews and handle all team member professional development.</li><li>Provide support to the team at all times, including the delivery of training for trainers and completion of quality review work for quality leads.</li><li>Facilitate regular Team meetings to ensure updates are delivered consistently and staff have an input into day-to-day operations.</li><li>Any additional responsibilities as business needs dictate.</li><li>Any other duties and responsibilities that may be assigned to you by the management from time to time, within your category of employment in the organization and for the effective implementation, maintenance and continual improvement of the ISO9001 and ISO18295-1 Quality Management System of TDCX.</li></ul><div><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></div><ul><li>Proficiency in English at the CEFR C1 level mastery.</li><li>Strong analytical and operations management skills</li><li>At least&#160;2 year&#160;of prior experience in training or quality work,&#160;2 years of prior team management experience in a BPO contact center in a similar role.</li><li>Strong client focus with superior written and verbal communication skills.</li><li>Ability to work under pressure in a faced paced environment with limited structure.<br>&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Who is TDCX?</strong><br>We serve some of the world&#8217;s best brands from our centers of excellence in Singapore, Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, China, Japan and Spain. We specialize in perfecting our client's customer experience and elevating their sales.<br>We are guided by a talent philosophy - selecting and employing the best professionals to make the outsource industry better for our people and our clients.<br>Our company has won over 200 industry awards for delivering value driven by technology and continuously innovating our customer-facing brand solutions. Thanks to our premium workspaces, above industry average compensation packages, career opportunities, and long list of perks, we were recently awarded as one of the best companies to work for in Asia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Who is TDCX?</div>
<div>
<div>
		We serve some of the world&#8217;s best brands from our centers of excellence in Singapore, Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Spain and Colombia. We specialize in perfecting our client's customer experience and elevating their sales.</div>
<div>
		We are guided by a talent philosophy - selecting and employing the best professionals to make the outsource industry better for our people and our clients.</div>
	
	Our company has won over 200 industry awards for delivering value driven by technology and continuously innovating our customer-facing brand solutions. Thanks to our premium workspaces, above industry average compensation packages, career opportunities, and long list of perks, we were recently awarded as one of the best companies to work for in Asia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/learning-development-manager-e-payment-gateway-account-4427668?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4427668&sectionRank=13&token=0~3d2b125f-dad1-4f92-97fb-98739d846226&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 