---
title: "Eduwis Versis Batu Pahat (Tadika Intelek Cemerlang) Vacancies Preschool Teacher (Full Time & Part Time)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-05 
excerpt: "Eduwis Versis Batu Pahat (Tadika Intelek Cemerlang) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Preschool Teacher (Full Time & Part Time) which positioned at Batu Pahat" 
tags: [Batu Pahat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Eduwis Versis Batu Pahat (Tadika Intelek Cemerlang) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Preschool Teacher (Full Time & Part Time)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>&#160;<div>Job Description:</div><div>- &#160; &#160;Carry out teaching and activities during working hour</div><div>- &#160; &#160;Prepare lesson plan before the class</div><div>- &#160; &#160;Complete the lesson evaluation after the class</div><div>- &#160; &#160;Prepare annual activities together with other teachers</div><div>- &#160; &#160;Ensure children&#8217;s safety and cleanliness in the centre</div><div>- &#160; &#160;Any other reasonable duties that are assigned to you by the Principal</div><div>*Requirements*</div><div>1. &#160;Candidate must possess at least a Diploma/Bachelor of Early Childhood Education, Child Psychology or related field.</div><div>2. Caring and nurturing attitude towards children.</div><div>3. Excellent verbal and written communication skills.</div><div>4. Attention to detail, problem-solving, ability to work autonomously and versatility.</div><div>5. Added Advantage: Able to teach music.</div><div>6. Able to work in Batu Pahat.&#160;</div><div>Benefits:</div><div>* Training Provided</div><div>* Performance Bonus base on KPI</div><div>* Career Advancement</div><div>* Chances to be our Partner</div></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Primary/Secondary School/SPM/"O" Level, Higher Secondary/STPM/"A" Level/Pre-U, Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Education/Teaching/Training or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English, Mandarin</li><li>At least 2&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Centre Operation Management, Customer Management, Administrative &amp; Documentation</li><li>Preferably Non-Executive specialized in Education or equivalent.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Eduwis is the place to be for an Effective, High Quality and Professional Early Childhood Education. In Eduwis centres, we uses the "Eduwis Thematic Integrated Learning Activities". This program is wholly built based on Malaysian's culture, lifestyle, and needs. Also, with the integration numerous famous educationalists' (Confucius, Lev Vygotsky, Jean Piaget, Erik Erikson, Maria Montessori, Howard Gardner, Suzuki and Reggio Emilia) theories and philosophies of the early childhood development , Eduwis promises to cater among the best early childhood education services in Malaysia.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Batu Pahat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/preschool-teacher-full-time-part-time-4418052?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4418052&sectionRank=15&token=0~825f6d23-158a-4988-a0d5-91d95ab3d672&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 