---
title: "Custommedia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Trainer Consultant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-19 
excerpt: "Custommedia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Trainer Consultant which positioned at Puchong" 
tags: [Puchong] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Custommedia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Trainer Consultant</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Reports to:</p><p>Academy Management Head of Unit</p><p><strong>Principle Responsibilities</strong></p><ol><li>Deliver and/or lead billable jobs at multiple clients as per project plan(s) or task assignment(s).</li><li>Design, develop, and recommend solutions addressing clients&#8217; need(s).</li><li>&#160;To provide professional training course in the field of (but not limited to):</li></ol><ul><li>Software Testing</li><li>Requirements Engineering</li><li>Software Engineering Techniques &amp; Methodologies</li><li>Technology &amp; Tools (customized training).</li></ul><ol><li>Based on specification mentioned regarding project/task as per letter of offer/ performance contract/ TAS/ Resource Request Form.</li><li>Task may include (but not limited to) as following:</li></ol><ul><li>Conduct training course(s) as per assigned/training schedule</li><li>Conduct piloting training for new training materials</li><li>Maintain professional attitude during training</li><li>To help promote company&#8217;s product(s) or service(s) during training to trainee(s)</li><li>Consult with other trainers and Lead</li><li>Communicate training needs</li><li>Create training strategies and initiatives</li><li>Test and review created materials</li><li>&#160;Ensure use the correct training materials to perform training</li><li>Monitor training schedules</li><li>Track and compile collected data</li></ul><p><strong>Others Responsibilities</strong></p><ol><li>Prepare technical write-up for Training Product.</li><li>To carry out any other task to be assigned by the Management from time to time.</li></ol><p><strong>Qualification Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Possess at least a Degree in Computer Science, IT or relevant technical discipline or equivalent.</li><li>&#160;Certificate in any Software Engineering course (e.g. IREB, ISTQB etc.)</li><li>&#160;Certificate in HRDF Train-the-trainer (TTT)</li><li>Practical knowledge of related international standards or industry de-facto standards/ practices e.g. Ten Steps, PRINCE2, PMBOK, ISO 9001 etc.</li><li>Certificate in IT will be an added advantage</li></ul><p><strong>Experience Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>At least 10 years of industry experience of which at least 8 years must be related to at least one (1) &#8220;Technical domain&#8221;</li><li>(E.g. Program/Project management, Software Architect, IT Infra Architect, BPI, CM, etc.).</li><li>&#160;Must possess in-depth systems engineering, software engineering, and/or ICT knowledge.</li><li>&#160;Experienced in client management, staff/resource management, bid management and contract risk management</li><li>&#160;Must possess management skill with strong sense of accountability, responsibility, commitment and discipline.</li><li>Must demonstrate strong communications, interpersonal, leaderships &amp; presentation skill.</li><li>Proven ability to lead project commitments and people resources.</li><li>Have had experience in conducting internal or external training&#160;and/or public speaking will be an added advantage</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>&#8203;&#8203;Custommedia Sd&#8203;n Bhd&#160;(210378&#8211;U) ("Custommedia"), is an IT-based organisation with core competency in the software engineering discipline. Established in 1991, the company is ISO 9001-certified and&#160;was among the firsts to obtain the MSC Malaysia-status endorsement. The company obtained TMMi Level 5 accreditation in December 2016.</p><p>Custommedia is specializing in customized software solutions for its wide-ranged clientele comprising governmental, banking, education, industrial, and the private sector. It has a firm I.T industry background, and is looking forward to expanding its business and operations using local and international expertise.</p><p>Learn more about Custommedia through our web site at :</p><p>http:// www.custommedia.com.my.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Puchong. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/trainer-consultant-4426460?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4426460&sectionRank=29&token=0~3d2b125f-dad1-4f92-97fb-98739d846226&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 