---
title: "SIR Sistem Inovatif Remaja Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Teacher - (Primary/ Secondary) 小学及中学教师" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-09 
excerpt: "SIR Sistem Inovatif Remaja Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Teacher - (Primary/ Secondary) 小学及中学教师 which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SIR Sistem Inovatif Remaja Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Teacher - (Primary/ Secondary) 小学及中学教师</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Teach and guide primary/ secondary school students on SJKC, SK &amp; SMK School subjects&amp; syllabuses.</li><li>Reporting directly to the Senior Teacher/Vice Principal/Principal on teaching and administration matters, this role is a dedicated internal and external client service position, involving teaching and program development.</li><li>Planning, supervising, and implementing the program for the class in accordance with the policies, guidelines, frameworks and philosophy of the centre.</li><li>Prepare and implement the programs for students.</li><li>Prepare age-appropriate teaching aids.</li><li>Provide a safe and stimulating environment for students to work and play in.</li><li>Evaluate and maintain records of student's development</li><li>To render basic first aid as and when necessary.</li><li>Be responsible for the upkeep of teaching resources.</li><li>Being responsible for the arrangement, appearance, decorations, and learning environment of the classroom.</li><li>Attend all teachers meetings</li><li>Attend teaching courses, seminars and workshops to upgrade skills and knowledge.</li><li>Adhere to the teacher's teaching guidelines.</li></ul><p><strong>Candidate's Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a SPM/ STPM/ Diploma/ Degree.</li><li><strong>Must be able to read and write in Mandarin ( mandatory ), Bahasa Malaysia and English ( to cope with school subjects and syllabus ). Applicants who is not able to speak/ read ( Mandarin ) need not to apply.</strong></li><li>School Homework Coaching &amp; Childcare.</li><li>Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply.</li><li>Creative, caring &amp; love working with children age 2 onwards.</li><li>Those without relevant experience but with a passion for teaching and learning will be considered.</li><li>Applicants should be Malaysian citizens or hold relevant residence status.</li><li><strong>ONLY SERIOUS CANDIDATES NEED TO APPLY. WE ARE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO ARE WILLING TO GROW WITH THE COMPANY.</strong></li></ul><p><strong>What we offer:</strong></p><ul><li>A great learning experience that covers a wide range of aspects.</li><li>Business travel opportunities.</li><li>Performance based career path.</li><li>A fun place to work in a young, dynamic team of professionals.</li></ul><p><strong>Benefits:</strong></p><ul><li>EPF &amp; SOCSO &amp; EIS Contributions.</li><li>Maternity Leave.</li><li>Compassionate Leave.</li><li>Incentive, Performance Bonus and Allowances.</li><li>Field Trips and Excursions.</li><li>Additional TERM HOLIDAYS ( Twice In A Year )</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Pusat Tuisyen Sistem Inovatif Remaja is situated at Pudu, Kuala Lumpur. It has established itself to serve the community within the area. "SIR" is an established education centre major in Pre-school, Primary &amp; Secondary School education. We are expanding our pre-school programme.&#160;We at SIR believe that children should enjoy their early childhood years but at the same time be ready for their entry into primary school. Learning while having fun is essential in getting the children to grow up being a responsible and useful adult.<br>
We believe that developing the child's personality and character is just as important as academics. Our programme encourages children to be able to express themselves and seek out answers instead of being spoon-fed answers by the teachers. In line with its expansion programme, "SIR" is inviting ambitious, dynamic person outstanding individuals who are passionate and committed to educational excellence to join our dynamic team!</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/teacher-primary-secondary-小学及中学教师-4420045?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4420045&sectionRank=12&token=0~6ffc1593-e57c-4ea3-9cd4-7b242577603c&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 