---
title: "IRFIGO MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. Vacancies Head of Programme cum Senior Lecturer-Illustration" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-10 
excerpt: "IRFIGO MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Programme cum Senior Lecturer-Illustration which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>IRFIGO MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Programme cum Senior Lecturer-Illustration</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>&#160;The Head of Programme is required to have the ability to lead, manage and develop the programme to ensure it achieves the highest possible standards of excellence in all its activities. You should have good all round skills and have experience working in MQA documentation will&#160;be an added advantage.</p><p>You will be responsible for overseeing and establishing policies and procedures, as well as coordinate the work within your programme. You will be encouraged to help develop and assist the programme according to MQA compliance and to draw on your own expertise and knowledge to enhance programme and the student experience. You will be required to work in a team and also on your own.</p><p>Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>Launching departmental goals and ensuring that all workers are working to meet these goals</li><li>Plan activities of staff development and social activities</li><li>Training and evaluating lecturer&#8217;s performance</li><li>Conduct SOP briefing to all new staff</li><li>Organize orientation program, prepare student pathway, subject offering and registration and program activity calendar for the student</li><li>Coordinate students activities and identify opportunities for international exposure</li><li>Develop the schedule and report of peer observation and class spot checks</li><li>Setting examination papers, co-ordinating marking schemes and moderating examinations and assessment processes</li><li>Ensuring timely and adequate provision of textbooks, materials, and equipment required for the effective teaching of the subject across schools in the College</li><li>Ensuring that the maintenance and upkeep of equipment related to the subject at school is regularly carried out</li><li>Drawing up budgets for programme</li><li>Holding and leading regular departmental meetings and ensuring the keeping of meeting minutes;</li><li>To assist for the preparation of the MQA documentation</li><li>(May be needed) Conduct class&#8217;s lecture, tutorial and any other means of facilitating the learning of students</li></ul><p>Requirements:</p><ul><li><strong>At least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Illustration or equivalent field.</strong></li><li><strong>At least 5&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</strong></li><li>Possesses teaching experience</li><li>Relevant licenses may be required</li><li>Possesses leadership skills and able to work efficiently as a team member as well as independently</li><li>Excellent interpersonal skills</li><li>Result orientated and organized</li></ul><p>&#8203;</p><p><strong>Interested candidates are required to submit their CV with portfolio of latest work. Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Irfigo Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is the result of a collaborative effort between Malaysia company and Japan&#8217;s Nippon Designers School to bring Japanese education to Malaysia.</div>
<div>Established in 1965, Nippon Designers School is a Japanese design college offering courses such as illustration, manga, photography and more. With 2 branches situated in Tokyo and Fukuoka, NDS has continued to educate its students for more than 50 years.</div>
<div>Now, Nippon Designer School wish to start up a college in Malaysia to nurture professionals who has the ability to integrate many different cultures, innovate and change the nation&#8217;s creative industry.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-programme-cum-senior-lecturer-illustration-4432508?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4432508&sectionRank=6&token=0~93cc9387-2bf7-46fe-9f36-a5643e0329a1&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 