---
title: "Eduwis Versis Batu Pahat (Tadika Intelek Cemerlang) Vacancies Preschool Principal" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-05 
excerpt: "Eduwis Versis Batu Pahat (Tadika Intelek Cemerlang) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Preschool Principal which positioned at Batu Pahat" 
tags: [Batu Pahat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Eduwis Versis Batu Pahat (Tadika Intelek Cemerlang) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Preschool Principal</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Job Description:</div><div>Responsible for ensuring the daily operation runs smoothly, remains safe, and provides an excellent learning environment for the students. To provide instructional leadership, managing and leading the staff and overseeing the facility and budget.&#160;</div><div>1.1 &#160; &#160;Marketing and Student Enrolment</div><div>- Manage Facebook page to increase centre branding and awareness</div><div>- To give idea and conduct advertising and promotion activities to increase student enrolment</div><div>- To achieve student&#8217;s enrolment KPI set quarterly</div><div>- To join any event related to Marketing and Ads promotion activity or HQ event by request.&#160;</div><div>1.2 &#160; &#160;Staffing and Human Resource Management</div><div>- Providing leadership and management of employees, including recruit, hire, train and evaluate all employees, motivate, and provide a positive work environment</div><div>- Arrange and monitor attendance, performance and punctuality of all facilitators for monthly teacher&#8217;s training</div><div>1.3 &#160; &#160;Centre Operations</div><div>- Monitor and maintain consistent standard for facilitators and students&#8217; behavior, monitor attendance, maintain guidance, health and food services for the children</div><div>- Oversee school facilities by supervise the maintenance of all facilities and equipment, identify and plan for future facilities need, develop procedures for centre&#8217;s safety and emergencies</div><div>- To maintain regulatory or compliance documentation and operational records according to Eduwis program and system</div><div>- Attends monthly teacher&#8217;s training and / or additional training organized by Eduwis franchisor</div><div>- Manage budget, including prepare, administer and oversee the budget</div><div>- Set quarterly target with approval of Centre Operation Consultant&#160;</div><div>- Handling procurement of the centre including materials, ingredients and equipment needed for operations</div><div>- Participate in parent communications</div><div>- Guide and lead teachers in carrying out teaching and activities</div><div>- Coordinate and implement all annual activities and involvement</div><div>- To update centre operation documentation and report.</div><div>- Liaise and report to centre operation and franchise operation consultant.</div><div>- Perform any other related duties as required and assigned by Centre Operation Consultant.</div><div>Benefits:</div><div>* Training Provided</div><div>* Performance Bonus base on KPI</div><div>* Career Advancement</div><div>* Chances to be our Partner</div></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Primary/Secondary School/SPM/"O" Level, Higher Secondary/STPM/"A" Level/Pre-U, Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Business Studies/Administration/Management, Education/Teaching/Training or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;English, Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin</li><li>At least 3&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Staff Management, Center Operation Management, Customer Management, Administrative &amp; Documentation</li><li>Preferably Manager specialized in Education or equivalent.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Eduwis is the place to be for an Effective, High Quality and Professional Early Childhood Education. In Eduwis centres, we uses the "Eduwis Thematic Integrated Learning Activities". This program is wholly built based on Malaysian's culture, lifestyle, and needs. Also, with the integration numerous famous educationalists' (Confucius, Lev Vygotsky, Jean Piaget, Erik Erikson, Maria Montessori, Howard Gardner, Suzuki and Reggio Emilia) theories and philosophies of the early childhood development , Eduwis promises to cater among the best early childhood education services in Malaysia.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Batu Pahat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/preschool-principal-4418046?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4418046&sectionRank=18&token=0~825f6d23-158a-4988-a0d5-91d95ab3d672&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 