---
title: "Accenture Technology Solutions Sdn Bhd Vacancies Business Process Improvement Senior Analyst (Six Sigma)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-03 
excerpt: "Accenture Technology Solutions Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Business Process Improvement Senior Analyst (Six Sigma) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Accenture Technology Solutions Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Business Process Improvement Senior Analyst (Six Sigma)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Essential Functions:</strong></div><ul><li>Innovate with the client to drive value to both Accenture and Client</li><li>Support &amp; monitor operation to make it measurable, Repeatable and predictable</li><li>Transform organization to create system and process for Noiseless Delivery.</li><li>Implement systems and processes that deliver improvement toward 100% conformance to customer requirements.</li><li>Engaging upfront in solutioning &amp; transitioning of deals to enforce rigor and day 1 stable. And initiative process re-engineering and automation initiatives aligned client expectation like Green SLA, Higher Productivity, Transparency in Process outcomes, etc.</li></ul><div><strong>Main Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Manage OE (Operational Excellence) initiatives with emphasis on continuous improvement in operating results and strengthening of underlying processes for the Site.</li><li>Oversee the design, development of OE related initiatives and ensure OE measures are aligned with overall Business objectives.</li><li>Imparting advanced training to personnel on OE related initiatives to percolate OE across the organization and building a OE Culture.</li><li>Support OE Lead in Integrating OE &amp; Continuous Improvement initiatives with other cross-center initiatives such as BPO blueprint, Service Management etc</li><li>Work with Service Delivery Leads/Functional Leads to optimize the OE of the assigned projects by recognizing, enhancing and sharing OE best practices</li><li>Carry out OE audits and ensure that the OE systems are being implemented consistently and effectively</li><li>Evaluate replication opportunities for solution being developed on Automation &amp; Process improvements.</li><li>Provide support towards continuous Improvement programs like Six Sigma across various functions to create and enhance value to clients.</li><li>Deploy &amp; Execute human centered thinking based on Design thinking concepts.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>College graduate of Business, Management, or Engineering course</li><li>Work experience of 3~4 years of relevant experience of leading and performing as a business excellence lead or advisor in BPO or service sector.&#160; Overall experience in relevant industries (Financial Services, Network, Utilities, Health Care, Marketing, Pharma, Retail etc.) &#8211; with hands on experience handling data driven decisions</li><li>Experience in statistical tools, RPA and related projects in RPA, Project Management and Demonstrated strong understanding of Process modeling tools and concepts.</li><li>Should be certified as Green Belt from a reputed organization (on par with ASQ, BMGI, ISI, etc.).</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>About Accenture</strong></div>
<div>
		Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functions&#8212;underpinned by the world&#8217;s largest delivery network&#8212;Accenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With 469,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives. Visit us at www.accenture.com.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/business-process-improvement-senior-analyst-six-sigma-4416712?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4416712&sectionRank=13&token=0~23e51bab-af0b-476c-8b48-0a7de3846162&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 