---
title: "Sunway College Vacancies Curriculum and Learning Coordinator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-27 
excerpt: "Sunway College is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Curriculum and Learning Coordinator which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sunway College is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Curriculum and Learning Coordinator</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Sunway College (KL), an established private college and a leading provider of pre-university&#160;programmes in Malaysia, welcomes applications from suitably qualified and experienced candidates for the position of Curriculum &amp; Learning Coordinator. Sunway&#8217;s Pre-University and Foundation Programmes&#160;are university&#160;pathway programmes that prepare students for undergraduate studies. The Curriculum &amp; Learning Coordinator will collaborate with academic teams to develop and implement course materials for teaching, learning, and assessment activities to a range of learners.</div><div>Responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to:</div><ul><li>Lead, manage, and facilitate the design and development of teaching and learning resources&#160;with particular focus on Sunway Foundation in Arts and Foundation in Science &amp; Technology.</li><li>Build resource materials in print and digital formats for teaching, learning, and assessments for delivery to a range of learners and/or campuses.</li><li>Manage the implementation and use of resource materials according to good quality assurance processes and practices.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Conduct ongoing review and continuous improvement on teaching and learning resources.</li><li>Identify professional learning needs of academic teams and organise programs to support them in delivering the curriculum to diverse groups of students and/or campuses.</li></ul><div>Skills and experience:</div><ul><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li><li>Experience in designing, developing and/or delivering student-centred resource materials in print and digital formats for innovative teaching-learning purposes.</li><li>Able to work independently and in teams to build and maintain relationships with academic staff in support of students&#8217; learning and assessment needs.&#160; &#160;</li><li>Candidates with experience in teaching at Foundation/Pre-university levels and/or corporate training are encouraged to apply.</li></ul><div>Qualifications:</div><ul><li>Degree in education, teaching, curriculum development or related fields.</li><li>At least five (5) years&#8217; experience in education/teaching/training work that evidences a practitioner&#8217;s understanding of the learning needs of diverse groups of students.&#160;&#160;</li></ul><div>Other Information:</div><ul><li>Full-time, fixed term&#160;contract position for three years; high likelihood for extension or conversion to permanent employment.</li><li>Salary package for this position will commensurate with skills and experience.</li><li>The position is based at Sunway College KL (Sunway City campus) but some travel to other Sunway College campuses may be required.</li></ul></div><div>We thank all applicants for expressing their interest in this vacancy. Please note that only shortlisted applicants will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	A subsidiary of the Sunway Education Group which is owned and governed by the Jeffrey Cheah Foundation, Sunway College currently offers internationally recognised pre-university, Australian twinning degree and MBA programmes as well as professional accounting programmes.</div>
<div>
	In view of the overwhelming response and consistently high enrolment of students into our pre-university programmes, we are now seeking expressions of interest and applications from suitably qualified, dynamic and self-driven candidates who can effectively contribute to the advancement of our tradition of excellence.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/curriculum-and-learning-coordinator-4432017?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4432017&sectionRank=10&token=0~8414038d-d86e-4b05-8c6b-a1066d420f22&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 