---
title: "KOLEJ UNIKOP Vacancies Head of Student Affairs" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-11 
excerpt: "KOLEJ UNIKOP is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Student Affairs which positioned at Cyberjaya" 
tags: [Cyberjaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>KOLEJ UNIKOP is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Student Affairs</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor Degree or Master in related field.</li><li>At least 4 Year(s) of working experience in the related field</li><li>Preferably Manager specialized in Education or equivalent.</li><li>Candidate will act as a Management for this job position.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><ul><li>Assists with the planning and development of a set of goals and objectives for the student services unit in conjunction with the college strategic planning. Implements goals and objectives.</li><li>Coordinates and administers student support to enrolled and prospective students, such as course registration, graduation processing, petitioning, withdrawals, program documentation, computer accounts, information sessions, receptions, and student orientations.</li><li>Counsels and confers with students providing program procedures, policies, goals, and objectives, technical guidance, and problem resolution. Directs students to appropriate advisor or departmental manager.</li><li>Provides coordination of program activities for students regarding departmental services.</li><li>Identifies target groups in consultation with academic and student affairs departments/programs for student recruitment on and off campus; makes visits to appropriate groups.</li><li>Assists in collaboration with other colleges and/or departments to ensure a coordinated approach to student recruitment and retention activities.</li><li>Initiates, develops, and sustains strong positive relations with program coordinators and departmental leadership to ensure achievement of the mission and goals of the department and college.</li><li>Reviews college students support initiatives to ensure student, faculty, and administration needs are met.</li><li>Maintains student records on database, creates and provides reports. Provides contact point for enrolled and prospective student information.</li><li>Assists with accreditation review; coordinates logistics, scheduling and related matters.</li><li>Develops or assists in the development and production of program advertising, promotional flyers and related recruitment initiatives.</li><li>Attends and participates in staff meetings, professional development seminars and other student support related meetings.</li><li>Implements student recruitment initiatives and participates in the evaluation of such initiatives.</li><li>Assists in providing cross training to program staff as required.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>UNIKOP College is an Associate College Universiti Teknologi MARA (UiTM), which has been entrusted by the UiTM is to offer programs in Pre-Diploma and Diploma level in various fields of study since 1998.</div>
<div><br>
Was established in 1996, UNIKOP College campus is located in Batu Caves, Kuala Lumpur has issued a total of over 4,000 graduates at the various levels and fields. All programs offered at the College of Accreditation UNIKOP received from the National Accreditation Board (LAN) and approval from the Ministry of Higher Education. This means that all academic programs offered at the College UNIKOP has received full recognition from all parties involved, especially the Public Service Department (PSD).</div>
<div><br>
During its development, UNIKOP College has built an infrastructure that is consistent with the needs of education as a Private Higher Education Institutions. Now, UNIKOP College has received the ability of the management team and staff initiatives that aim and strive to become the premier indigenous private institutions to reveal the boundaries of science, master the latest technology and offers programs that are needed by our country in an effort to become a developed nation by the year 2020, especially in the fields of science and technology.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Cyberjaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-student-affairs-4439346?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4439346&sectionRank=20&token=0~c9ca3c88-ef13-4d59-ad23-d3fcc87b8e30&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 