---
title: "Tenby Schools Setia Eco Park Vacancies Primary Teacher - Key Stage 2 (Maternity Cover)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-01 
excerpt: "Tenby Schools Setia Eco Park is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Primary Teacher - Key Stage 2 (Maternity Cover) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Tenby Schools Setia Eco Park is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Primary Teacher - Key Stage 2 (Maternity Cover)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>A Great Opportunity in Malaysia Awaits You</strong></div><div>Tenby Schools Setia Eco Park, Kuala Lumpur campus is a large 3-18 school located on a green 20-acre site with excellent facilities and offers a welcoming, inclusive and stimulating place to work. We love learning and we are continually getting better. We are extremely proud to be the flagship school in the region.</div><div>We are looking for a Primary Teacher who will join the Primary Team of the school to help us guide the school and work with our learners to take us to the next level. If you want to be part of our team you will need to be passionate about learning and knowledgeable about the factors that affect learning. You will be good at working and with and inspiring your colleagues, our students and their parents.</div><div><strong>About us:</strong></div><div>We are a unique campus, home to Tenby International School, which consists of a Primary, and Secondary School (IPC, National Curriculum for England, CIE, IGCSE and A Level) and a Malaysian Private School, Sekolah Sri Tenby (Malaysian National Curriculum). The campus welcomes over 2000 amazing students, aged from 3 to 18 years and from 38 nationalities; with 1350 attending the international school, 600 of whom will be in the primary school. We celebrate being Asian and love the fact that we combine international thinking to create a diverse and exciting campus.</div><div>We believe in creating &#8220;Amazing Learning Experiences&#8221; for our communities. Working collaboratively to help children be ready for the world and the contribution they can make locally and globally.</div><div>We believe that all students learn though good struggles and this at times needs to be consolidated using a variety of teaching methods. Taking risks, being resilient and showing creativity and adaptability for all our communities is important in our learning process. Our students go onto some of the top universities in the world and if they don&#8217;t, go into careers and colleges of their choice.</div><div>We are an honest campus and enjoy being self-reflective, so we can self-improve together to create amazing learning experiences more often than not. We are not perfect but strive to be the best we can.</div><div>We have lots of accreditation's just to show the world that we know what we are doing, including being the first school globally to be gain full accreditation by the Council of International Schools (CIS), for both TIS and SST schools. We hold the certificates for CIE, IPC, Microsoft, Duke of Edinburgh's Award and are one of 15 schools in Malaysia to hold the Green Flag Award.</div><div><strong>About our Group</strong></div><div>Tenby Schools SEP is proud to be part of International Schools Partnership (ISP) a fast-growing global schools&#8217; group in six clusters across the world; Europe, Mexico &amp; Central America, the Middle East, South America, Southeast Asia and the USA. Our Regional cluster includes other Tenby schools across Malaysia. As a teacher you will be supported by the Head of Department, Senior Leadership teams and other learning clusters and networks both regionally and globally. We love to talk about learning at all levels, as this is at the core of everything we do!</div><div>This is amazing opportunity for you to develop yourself, take a risk or two, meet other like-minded teachers, share learning practice and work collectively with a local and global team. We even have a global learning hub where you can share learning and leadership ideas so we can get better together.</div><div>So if this excites you, please apply. We&#8217;d love to talk to you.</div><div><strong>The Role</strong></div><div><strong>We are looking for someone who:</strong></div><ul><li>Candiate can join in January 2021</li><li>Puts children at the heart of everything they do.</li><li>Is an inspiring teacher with a proven track record in making students better.</li><li>Is able to prioritise and delegate effectively.</li><li>Is someone who recognises and rewards excellent learning.</li><li>Is a strong communicator, who is personable, caring and passionate with high expectations of themselves and others. You want to get better!</li><li>Is committed to their own continued professional development and excited about professional learning conversations with like minded colleagues</li></ul><div>.</div><div><strong>In return we offer:</strong></div><ul><li>A culture of trust, where all contributions are recognised and respected</li><li>A passionate, positive, highly skilled and motivated team of professionals who put children at the heart of every decision.</li><li>Allocated support through our Leadership Teams to support you in developing an exceptional learning school.</li><li>An embedded whole trust commitment to professional development and a commitment to serving others.</li><li>A peer network of like-minded teachers and other adults.</li><li>A real commitment to work-life balance &#8211; we remember we are human beings first and educators second!</li><li>Great employee benefits</li></ul><div><strong>Safer Recruitment</strong></div><div>The school is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All post holders are subject to appropriate vetting procedures and satisfactory Criminal Background Checks or equivalent covering the previous 10 years employment history.</div><div><strong>Safeguarding</strong></div><div>Co-operates and works with relevant agencies to establish and maintain systems to protect children. We responsible for ensuring the welfare, health and well-being of all children and young people. Creates a vigilant organisational culture which monitors and prioritises the safeguarding of children and young people above all considerations.</div><div><strong>Interviews</strong></div><div>Initial interviews will be completed through Skype. Final interviews may be carried out face-to-face whenever possible.</div><div><strong>HOW TO APPLY</strong></div><div>The closing date is 30th December 2020 but interested candidates are strongly encouraged to submit their applications as soon as possible as interviews may be arranged before the deadline.</div><div>Candidates are invited to send in a letter of application including the reasons for applying to Tenby Schools together with a comprehensive CV, a recent passport-size photograph and contact details of three referees (one of which must be from your current school)</div><div>We follow safe recruitment practices which are aligned to the recommendations of the International Task Force on Child Protection. We hold ourselves to a high standard of effective recruiting practices with specific attention to child protection. All appointments are subject to an interview, identity checks, criminal record checks, and successful references.</div><div>(Please check your Junk Folder for emails and add tenby.edu.my to your safe senders list. Only applicants short-listed for an interview will be notified.)</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Tenby Schools Setia Eco Park, Kuala Lumpur campus is located on a green 20-acre site with excellent facilities and offers a welcoming, inclusive and stimulating place to work. We are proud to be the flagship school in the region.</div>
<div>
		We are a unique campus, home to Tenby International School, which consists of a Primary, and Secondary School (IPC, National Curriculum for England, CIE IGCSE and A Level) and a Malaysian Private School, Sekolah Sri Tenby (Malaysian National Curriculum). The campus welcomes over 2000 students, aged from 3 to 18 years and from 38 nationalities; with 1450 attending the international school, 600 of whom are in primary. We celebrate being part of our amazing Asian community and combine International thinking and mindset to create a special campus.</div>
<div>
		The international school offers a rich, quality education with affordable fees and caters for the children of expatriates working and living in Malaysia, as well as Malaysian children. Our highly qualified teaching staff are expatriate and local, and are dedicated to developing students academically and socially by driving a co-curricular programme of more than 135 activities, service programmes, sports, arts and charity and community work.</div>
<div>
		We are an accredited member of the Council of International Schools (CIS), a centre for Cambridge International Examinations (CIE), authorised to deliver the International Primary Curriculum (IPC), Microsoft 365 School, Duke of Edinburgh's International Award Associate and are one of 15 schools to hold the Green Flag Eco Award.</div>
</div>
<div>
<div>
<strong>Join a Global Network</strong></div>
<div>
		Tenby Schools SEP is proud to be part of International Schools Partnership (ISP) a fast-growing global schools group in six clusters across the world; Europe, Mexico &amp; Central America, the Middle East, South America, Southeast Asia and the USA. Our Regional cluster includes other Tenby schools across Malaysia. The Head of the Internal Primary School will be supported by the Campus Principal, Regional Team and other clusters and networks both regionally and globally.</div>
<div>
		This is very exciting opportunity to meet other leaders, share practice and work collectively with a local and global team.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/primary-teacher-key-stage-2-maternity-cover-4433136?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4433136&sectionRank=18&token=0~e2875056-6e2a-4c7a-b037-a7cc9cb3fc51&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 