---
title: "The University of Nottingham in Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant Professor in School of Politics, History and International Relations" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-24 
excerpt: "The University of Nottingham in Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Professor in School of Politics, History and International Relations which positioned at Semenyih" 
tags: [Semenyih] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>The University of Nottingham in Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Professor in School of Politics, History and International Relations</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>The<strong> School of Politics, History and International Relations</strong>, University of Nottingham Malaysia, seeks to recruit an <strong>Assistant or Associate Professor </strong>level to a full-time position. The School&#8217;s core undergraduate and post-graduate curriculum offering is International Relations, particularly in connection with international security and international political economy. But it also teaches in the fields of Comparative Politics, Political Theory, and History, with a growing area of specialization in Southeast Asia.</p><p>The successful Assistant/Associate Professor candidate will possess:</p><ul><li>A PhD degree from an accredited and regarded university.</li><li>Knowledge of academic disciplines of International Relations and Politics.</li><li>Substantial evidence of research abilities leading to quality publications.</li><li>Commitments to knowledge transfer and community engagement.</li><li>Demonstrated willingness to undertake administrative duties.</li><li>Due regard for pastoral care of undergraduate and post-graduate students.</li></ul><p>In addition, at the Associate Professor level, the candidate will possess:</p><ul><li>A track record of university employment (visiting research positions are also desirable).</li><li>A significant record of external grants capture.</li><li>Research activities that support policy engagement.</li><li>Supervision of PhD candidates through to completion.</li></ul><p>At present, the School is in need of a new member of staff who can teach:</p><ul><li>A first year compulsory course in International Relations/Political Science concepts and basic theorizing.</li></ul><p>The school is otherwise open to recruiting new staff who can teach courses in the following areas:</p><ul><li>Globalization and cross-national economic de-coupling.</li><li>Foreign policy.</li><li>International Relations and Regionalism in Southeast Asia.</li></ul><p>All applications will be treated in strict confidence and only shortlisted candidate will be notified.</p><p>*Pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Act 2010, you are advised to read and understand our Notice and Choice Principle Document which is posted in our website at www.nottingham.edu.my/jobs. By submitting your detailed resume, you declare that you have read, understood and accepted our Notice and Choice Principle Document and have consented to providing your sensitive personal data to be processed by us.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>The University of Nottingham Malaysia (UNM) is described by The Times Good University Guide 2015 as &#8220;the nearest Britain has to a truly global university, with campuses in China and Malaysia modelled on a headquarters that is among the most attractive in Britain&#8221;</div>
<div><br>
UNM opened in September 2000 and became the first British university to set up a campus both outside of the UK, in Malaysia and China, earning The University of Nottingham the Queen's Award for Industry (International Trade) 2006. In 2017, We were awarded with a 5-star rating for the quality of its research and innovation, making it among the highest rated international university in Malaysia in The Malaysia Research Assessment (MyRA).</div>
<div>Designed to reflect University Park Campus in Nottingham, Malaysia campus is a self-contained, vibrant village situated on an attractive and landscaped 125-acre site. In Malaysia, the University has about 5,000 students and around 700 teaching and administrative staff from all over the world.<br>
The University of Nottingham is placed 82nd in the world by the latest 2019 QS World University Rankings.<br>
The University of Nottingham is proud of its international reputation for world changing research, a reputation which extends across all of our campuses. We were rated No. 8 for research power in the latest Research Excellence Framework.</div>
<div><br>
Our programmes are identical to those offered at The University of Nottingham in the UK and follow the same quality assurance processes, and students are awarded University of Nottingham degree certificates when they complete their course.</div>
<div><br>
<strong>Find out more www.nottingham.edu.my.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Semenyih. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-professor-in-school-of-politics-history-and-international-relations-4449782?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4449782&sectionRank=20&token=0~5eaa494b-1720-4b23-8b84-50f5194e8046&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 