---
title: "Atqan Education Sdn Bhd Vacancies Preschool Principal" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-31 
excerpt: "Atqan Education Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Preschool Principal which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Atqan Education Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Preschool Principal</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>About Us</strong><br>We are a dynamic Islamic Education group with educational assets in Singapore and Malaysia, and presence in India and UK, and growing. The institutions in the group have over 30 years&#8217; experience between them in guiding students in Southeast Asia, both young and old, in a holistic understanding of the Islamic and academic sciences, bridging faith and future. The group offers preschool, primary and secondary level education, along with part-time courses for students across most ages. The group also organises high profile Islamic events across the region.</div><div><strong>Roles &amp; Responsibilities</strong></div><div>The candidate must be passionate in making a difference in the lives of children, with some experience in educational leadership. The successful candidate should demonstrably be an active learner and able to drive the vision and purpose among team temembers. She should possess a high level of professionalism and integrity, and must demonstrate her ability to positively transform her workplace as well as those collaborating alongside with her.</div><div><strong>Job Description</strong></div><ul><li>Lead the Preschool team to be aligned with the strategic direction of the education group.</li><li>Responsible for the overall management of the preschool and its alignment with the group.</li><li>Provide leadership for the setting and achievement of the preschool goals.</li><li>Determine governmental agency requirements for eduation licensing, health and safety regulations, Covid-19 restrictions, etc, and ensure daily operations are in order and in full compliance.</li><li>Keep abreast with modern curriculum ideas and standards, and continuously improve the preschool curriculum and delivery standards.</li><li>Mentor teachers in all areas to facilitate collaborative approaches to learning, teaching and evaluation so as to improve overall performance standards and competencies.</li><li>Set the direction for parent partnership, community engagement and talent management.</li><li>Manage relationships with parents/guardians to ensure concerns, issues and feedback are addressed on a timely basis appropriately.</li><li>Management and optimisation of the preschool resources.</li><li>Implementation of specific preschool programs, initiatives and events.</li><li>Manage all administrative matters, including human resource, licensing, student enrolment etc.</li><li>Prepare budget, and manage the budget and general financial health of the preschool.</li><li>Prepare monthly reports for the management.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree, preferably in Early Childhood Education.</li><li>Minimum 1 year experience as Asst VP/VP, plus 3-5 years as a preschool teacher.</li><li>Native proficiency in English, with effective spoken Malay.</li><li>Able to commence work immediately is preferred</li><li>Required Skill(s): Microsoft Office</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>The SimplyIslam Education Group is a dynamic Islamic education group with educational assets in Singapore and Malaysia, and presence in India and UK, and growing.&#160; The institutions in the group have over 30 years&#8217; experience between them in guiding students in Southeast Asia, both young and old, in a holistic understanding of the Islamic and academic sciences, bridging faith and future. The group offers primary and secondary level education, along with part-time courses for students across most ages. The group also organises high profile Islamic events across the region.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/preschool-principal-4452881?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4452881&sectionRank=9&token=0~ee65aeea-ed27-4edf-bed3-26f889517ae3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 