---
title: "E-Bridge Pre-School Pte Ltd Vacancies Preschool Teacher (Canberra, Sengkang/Punggol, Telok Blangah , Macpherson)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-29 
excerpt: "E-Bridge Pre-School Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Preschool Teacher (Canberra, Sengkang/Punggol, Telok Blangah , Macpherson) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>E-Bridge Pre-School Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Preschool Teacher (Canberra, Sengkang/Punggol, Telok Blangah , Macpherson)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Role &amp; Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Undertake the teaching of a class in accordance with the school&#8217;s agreed policies and guidelines.</li><li>Use a variety of appropriate teaching and caring methods to ensure high-quality learning takes place.</li><li>Encourage children to take pride in their own environment and show respect and concern for others, to the benefit of the school as a caring community.</li><li>Responsible for all aspects of classroom management maintains a tidy, well-organised room.</li><li>Create an interesting and lively classroom which promotes independent learning.</li><li>Keep appropriate records of achievement for each child in class and provide reports as necessary.&#160;</li><li>Collaborate with principal and teaching staff to establish and develop effective pupil assessment procedures and moderation portfolios.</li><li>Build positive links with parents of children in their care.</li><li>Provide planning documents identifying specific learning objectives, differentiated tasks, special needs, extension and assessment, to the Principal or other authorized officer.</li><li>Maintain professional dialogue with colleagues concerning the children, other colleagues and the school.&#160;</li><li>Guide, motivate and monitor assistant teachers in carrying out their tasks.</li><li>Share in the management of pastoral care, health, welfare and behaviour of all children and in particular, those within your designated class group.</li><li>Respect and value each child&#8217;s social, cultural and religious background and by example, provides mutual respect and tolerance.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma in Early Childhood Care &amp; Education (Teaching) or its equivalent with 5 GCE &#8216;O&#8217; Levels with English at Grade B4.</li><li>At least 2 years teaching experience in a pre-school environment.</li><li>Knowledge of or willingness to acquire knowledge of inquiry based learning is required.</li><li>Exceptional interpersonal skills.</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.&#160;</li><li>We seek only passionate and dedicated educators who want to make a difference in children's learning.</li></ul><div><strong>Working Location:</strong><div><b>1) Canberra</b></div><div><b>2) Sengkang</b></div><div><b>3) Punggol</b></div><div><b>4) Macpherson</b></div><div><b>5) Bukit Batok</b></div></div><div>We offer a competitive remuneration package plus benefits to the right candidate. Successful candidates will have opportunity for course sponsorship for further upgrading.&#160; Suitably qualified applicants are invited to send your updated resume in MS Word to<strong> </strong>us via <strong>APPLY button.</strong></div><div>Please include cover application letter and detailed CV with current and expected salary, and copies of qualifications and testimonials. On appointment original copies must be provided for verification.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>Inviting passionate educators to join us in shaping the future.</strong></div>
<div>
		E-Bridge Pre-School, a member of EtonHouse International Education Group, was launched under the Singapore Government&#8217;s Anchor Operator (AOP) Scheme to provide high quality and affordable early childhood services for families in Singapore. E-Bridge is founded on the belief that providing quality early years education to more communities across Singapore will improve the lives of children, families and the community at large and aims to offer a programme which will lay a strong foundation for children from all walks of life.<br>
<br>
		As part of EtonHouse, a global organization based in 11 countries with more than 100 campuses and over 10,000 children from 61 different nationalities,&#160; E-Bridge will offer an inquiry based programme that is engaging and holistic, built upon a foundation of respected research into young children&#8217;s learning and acknowledged best pedagogical practice. E-Bridge will also adopt high standards of practice with its quality assurance framework based on policies and standard operating procedures derived from international best practice. The children and parents thus have access to a holistic and nurturing learning environment that supports inquiry and exploration and encourages children to be confident, bilingual, responsible and happy citizens.</div>
<div>
		Our E-Bridge teachers will have access to a thorough and intensive training and professional development programme supported by EtonHouse.&#160;&#160; Our teachers will also be supported by a team of pedagogues who will provide guidance to ensure quality programs are delivered to our children.&#160;&#160;</div>
<div>
		We would like to invite like-minded and passionate educators with a genuine interest in early childhood education to join us in discovering a meaningful career which endeavours to nurture young children with a curiosity and eagerness to learn.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/preschool-teacher-canberra-sengkang-punggol-telok-blangah-macpherson-8224383/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8224383&sectionRank=25&token=0~192d4930-820f-45d5-a93b-c088f4397674&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 