---
title: "Johnson & Johnson Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Eye Care Education Assistant - Protege" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-10 
excerpt: "Johnson & Johnson Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Eye Care Education Assistant - Protege which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Johnson & Johnson Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Eye Care Education Assistant - Protege</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Johnson &amp; Johnson (J&amp;J) is the world&#8217;s most comprehensive and broadly-based healthcare Company, touching the lives of nearly a billion people every day. Our Family of Companies throughout the world compete in consumer, pharmaceutical, medical devices and diagnostics markets and have the skills and resources to tackle the world&#8217;s most pressing health issues.</div><div>Under the <strong>Prot&#233;g&#233; 12 months initiative</strong> for fresh graduates,&#160;we are looking for a <strong>Professional Eye Care Assistant</strong> that would be based at our office at Subang Jaya.</div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Collaborating with the Professional Education Lead, internal teams, clients and partners on professional development strategy execution.</li><li>Learning and working with various types of software for digital education.</li><li>Working closely with sales and marketing department.</li><li>Creating professional education materials such as detail aids, case studies, training materials and presentations.</li><li>Maintaining professional education database.</li><li>Providing administrative support to the professional education team, preparation and co-planning for training, events and projects.</li><li>Understanding company product and brand.</li><li>Creating and interpreting a variety of reports and analytics, maintain a filing system and administrative task.</li><li>Monitor, control and record all the documents in proper way to be able to access when required by manager.</li><li>Assisting in market research, analyzing questionnaires and other forms of feedback.</li><li>Other ad-hoc professional development projects assignment and task assign by manager</li><li>Applicants must be aware that&#160;this opportunitiy is under the<strong>&#160;Protege Program,&#160;</strong>a 12 months contract role with a monthly allowance of RM2,000&#160;<strong>(kindly refer to&#160;https://www.protege.my for more information prior to applying)&#160;</strong></li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Bachelor&#8217;s degree in Optometry is required</strong></li><li>Knowledge, understanding and passion for eye care</li><li>Effective written and verbal communication skills</li><li>A high level of attention to detail</li><li>Ability to work effectively within a team and independently</li><li>Experience using computers for a variety of tasks</li><li>Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, Power Point and Outlook</li><li>Good organization skills</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>At Johnson &amp; Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress. That&#8217;s why for more than 130 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life. Today, as the world&#8217;s largest and most broadly based healthcare company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good. We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere.</div>
<div>At Johnson &amp; Johnson, we&#8217;ve always excelled in times of change. We stand on the front lines of the biggest health challenges of our time, and we&#8217;re here to win. Our long history of firsts&#8211;Band-Aids, feminine care, cardiovascular stents, cancer treatments, digital health and, most recently, a life-changing vaccine against HIV&#8211;are proof that our proprietary blend of heart, science and ingenuity is profoundly changing the trajectory of health for humanity.</div>
<div>In Johnson &amp; Johnson, we provide consumer products, pharmaceutical products, and medical devices.</div>
<div>Read more about our products here:&#160;https://www.jnj.com/healthcare-products</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/eye-care-education-assistant-protege-4421264?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4421264&sectionRank=1&token=0~45cb59a3-4d33-441a-928b-2873efc18c3a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 