---
title: "NUMED MALAYSIA SDN. BHD Vacancies RESEARCH ADMINISTRATOR" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-13 
excerpt: "NUMED MALAYSIA SDN. BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the RESEARCH ADMINISTRATOR which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>NUMED MALAYSIA SDN. BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>RESEARCH ADMINISTRATOR</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Research Administrator will co-ordinate the research projects, keeping the study collaborators updated, organising and participating in meetings to discuss results and lead on publication and grant preparation.</p><p><strong>Main Duties and Responsibilities: -</strong></p><p><strong>MYRA and QUALITY ASSURANCE</strong></p><ol><li>Reformat and analyses data for MYRA submission</li><li>Work with MYRA team to input and summaries data</li><li>Log evidence for research and MYRA including publications, grants, gifts, equipment purchases, salaries for research positions, prizes.</li><li>Work with Dean of Research and relevant professional services teams to formulate policies for funding (grants, conferencing, publications).</li></ol><p><strong>FINANCE</strong></p><ol><li>Work with finance on costings, invoicing, quotations for servicing, procurement of equipment/services, maintenance of equipment.</li><li>Work with UK on research audit for REF where necessary, costings, quality assurance audits.</li><li>Attend training when offered on administrative and financial aspects of grants.</li></ol><p><strong>SUPPORTING FACULTY RESEARCH</strong></p><ol><li>Work with research management group on keeping database of projects approved, ongoing and ethics approval forms. A register of all posters, abstracts and presentations will also be formulated for future MYRA and REF submissions where needed.</li><li>Help organize meetings- letters to guests, logistics for holding meetings</li></ol><p><strong>SUPPORTING STUDENT RESEARCH</strong></p><ol><li>Maintain a log of student applications for funding, abstracts and supervisory team.</li><li>Maintain a log of supervisory meetings and attendance for postgraduate students, work with relevant teams to arrange induction, registration and welcome events for visting post graduate students, arrange access (visas where appropriate ) and help with translation of documents/ letters/ telephone calls to local authorities for data, meetings etc.</li></ol><p><strong>Travel</strong></p><p>Assist in arrangement of travel for funded research projects for research team working with finance team.</p><p><strong><em>Knowledge, Skills and Experience</em></strong></p><ul><li>Experience of working in teaching and learning environment in higher education</li><li>Thorough knowledge of the University policies, procedures and regulations</li><li>Ability to assess and analyse problems, suggest solutions, make informed decisions, be responsible, innovative,&#160;use initiative and work independently</li><li>Excellent communications skills in Bahasa Melayu and English and ability to manage conflicting priorities</li><li>Ability to Work well in a team and develop effective relationships with a wide range of colleagues</li><li>Be pro-active, excellent organizational skills</li><li>Excellent IT skills using Microsoft Word, Excel,&#160;PowerPoint, Teams, Zoom, Outlook and ability to type.</li><li>Experience of managing and organizing complex meetings</li></ul><p><strong><em>PLANNING AND ORGANISING</em></strong></p><ul><li>Effective at independent working</li><li>Effective at monitoring and controlling work flow of teams</li><li>Effective at working under pressure and to deadlines</li><li>Maintains flexibility to allow for changing circumstances</li><li>Plans workload and tasks in a systematic way</li></ul><p><strong><em>TEAMWORKING</em></strong></p><ul><li>Respects the expertise of others</li><li>Shares relevant and useful information with others</li><li>Keep other team members up to date with progress</li><li>Willing. To share and help others with workloads</li></ul><p><strong><em>DELIVERING SERVICES</em></strong></p><ul><li>High energy and commitment to delivery of excellence</li><li>Understands team needs and outputs</li><li>Strives to deliver high quality results</li><li>Looks for ways to make immediate improvements</li></ul><p><strong><em>GATHERING INFORMATION</em></strong></p><ul><li>Is thorough at investigating issues</li><li>Gathers relevant information and facts</li><li>Keeps up to date with Univesity issues</li><li>Pieces together information to identify trends</li><li>Eye for detail, spotting errors and accuracy of information</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Newcastle University is a Russell Group University and we ranked 17th out of 122 in the UK in The Sunday Times 2013 University Guide, and third in the North East and Yorkshire. We have a world-class reputation for research excellence and are spearheading three major societal challenges that have a significant impact on global society.</div>
<div>Newcastle University is the first UK university to establish a fully owned international branch campus for medicine at its NUMed Campus in Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/research-administrator-4504908?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4504908" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 