---
title: "Ecole Internationale de Genève Vacancies Head of Years 12 and 13 Counsellor / CAS / Service learning coordinator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-24 
excerpt: "Ecole Internationale de Genève is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Years 12 and 13 Counsellor / CAS / Service learning coordinator which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ecole Internationale de Genève is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Years 12 and 13 Counsellor / CAS / Service learning coordinator</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>Job description:</b></p><p><b>Ecolint Head of Years 12 and 13 Counsellor / CAS / Service learning coordinator<br>Full-time - 40 Period(s)</b><br><br><b>BIG PICTURE</b><br></p><ul><li>Upholds the mission of the International School of Geneva ;</li><li>Models integrity, curiosity, responsibility, creativity, and respect for all persons as well as an appreciation for racial, cultural, and gender diversity ;</li><li>Has a growth mindset and an ambition for personal and professional development as an educational leader.</li></ul><b>ON THE GROUND</b><br><ul><li>Takes an active role in the betterment of the School ;</li><li>Aiming to do better than our previous best ;</li><li>Keeps abreast of the latest developments in holistic care of students and socialises this with mentors ;</li><li>Acts as a role model for mentors ;</li><li>Is able to teach an academic subject and take an active role in the pastoral curriculum.</li></ul><b>WHOLE CHILD</b><br><ul><li>Ensures the holistic wellbeing of the students in your care ;</li><li>The supervisor leads faculty members in upholding high standards of professional behavior and responds immediately when behavior occurs that is harmful to children or harmful to the school community ;</li><li>Establishes positive relationships with students, which, while recognizing the differing roles of adult and child, are characterized by mutual respect and good will ;</li><li>Has experience of or is willing to be trained in counselling.</li></ul><b>COLLABORATE</b><br><ul><li>Supports the Principals and Assistant Principals ;</li><li>Takes an active role in Senior Leadership Meetings ;</li><li>Must be able to work and communicate efficiently within a team consisting of the coordinator of CP/DP, examination secretary, support services, psychologist, university guidance and the administrative staff.</li></ul><b>SUPPORT YOUR TEAM</b><br><ul><li>Works with the mentor teams for years 12 and 13. This coordinating role precludes the possibility of having a mentor group.</li></ul><b>COMMUNITY</b><br><ul><li>Ensures that there is clear communication between staff, students and parents ;</li><li>Creates regular communications through the Year group webpage, organises regular coffee mornings with parents and is actively involved in information evenings for year 12 and 13 parents ;</li><li>Participates in the establishment and maintenance of an atmosphere of collegial support and adherence to professional standards.</li></ul><br><p><b>What we offer:</b></p><p>Ecolint offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive compensation and benefits package, including a contribution to the payment of health insurance. In addition, the Foundation has sickness and pension schemes superior to legal requirements. Members of staff may be granted full or partial reduction of school fees for dependent children. We also encourage expatriate staff to maintain contact with the culture of their home country and their relatives. Home Leave is granted to senior management and teaching staff who are entitled to moving expense benefits and whose home station is outside Switzerland.<br><br>The International School of Geneva welcomes applications from candidates with diverse backgrounds and experiences. The School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, and applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers.</p><p><b>Required profile:</b></p><p><b>CURRICULUM</b><br></p><ul><li>Assists the CP/DP coordinator to ensure that the Curriculum meets the standards required by the programmes taught ;</li><li>Collaborates with colleagues and the school's leadership in the design and implementation of curriculum within the context of the school's overall program and mission ;</li><li>Assists the CP/DP coordinator in ensuring curriculum documentation is up to date and visible via managebac.</li></ul><b>PROGRAMME LINKED REQUIREMENTS</b><br><ul><li>Coordinates the CAS and Service Learning elements of the Diploma and Careers Programmes ;</li><li>Ensures that staff are supported with professional development linked to the Diploma and Careers programme ;</li><li>Helps to ensure that the requirements of the DP/CP are met ;</li><li>Deputises for the Diploma / Careers Coordinator as required.</li><li>Ensures excellent professional practice, standards and quality of teaching and learning by developing the use of the 10 Principles of Learning by all members of your team. (In line with 'Expectations of a qualified teacher')</li><li>The supervisor ensures that faculty members new to the school receive orientation and support sufficient for them to work effectively and with confidence that they are carrying out the educational mission, policies, and procedures of the school. Also that they are fully abreast with the requirements of both the CP and DP.</li><li>The supervisor evaluates and works to improve mentoring of year 12 and 13 students through classroom visits, discussions with teachers, and other methods that are fair and consistent with the practices of the individual school.</li><li>Must have a Level 1 Google educator certificate</li><li>The ability to communicate in English and French (Candidate working towards a minimum of B1 equivalence for both languages is highly preferable)</li></ul>Candidates are required to apply <b>online</b><b> on our website (https://www.ecolint.ch/our-school/job-opportunities)</b> by sending their CV, three references, one of whom must be your current or most recent employer, that may be followed at the point of interview and a covering letter addressed to Jamie Williams, International School of Geneva, Campus des Nations before <b>8th April 2021</b> mentioning the reference number<b> 430 145</b>.</div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Founded in 1924, as the first ever international school, Ecolint has been proudly educating for a better world ever since. Find out more about our pedagogical mission, our campuses, or even how to apply to join our staff!</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-years-12-and-13-counsellor-cas-service-learning-coordinator-4516110?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4516110" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 