---
title: "IMPERIUM INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE Vacancies CAREER COUNSELLOR FOR KUALA LUMPUR / KUCHING / JOHOR & PENANG" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-18 
excerpt: "IMPERIUM INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the CAREER COUNSELLOR FOR KUALA LUMPUR / KUCHING / JOHOR & PENANG which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>IMPERIUM INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>CAREER COUNSELLOR FOR KUALA LUMPUR / KUCHING / JOHOR & PENANG</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB DESCRIPTIONS:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>To ensure activities are carried in accordance to Imperium International College(IIC) brand image and positioning.</li><li>Disseminate information and awareness of ongoing intakes, programs and fees to agents and clients.</li><li>To provide accurate and updated information pertaining to IIC members of the public during course enquiries or marketing activities.</li><li>To understand the client, the students and/or education brokers requirement and then customizing the product/ services as per their needs.</li><li>To provide students guidance on progression from secondary to tertiary education, academic planning, course planning and selection, and understanding of admission, course requirements, scholarship application, loan arrangements and other relevant information.</li><li>To assist IIC Marketing Department&#8217;s marketing activities including and not limited to on campus and off campus as well as tele-marketing activities within the designated territory/region.</li><li>To assist the IIC Business Development Department and the Marketing Department to formulate and execute business and marketing plans on assigned key account schools and regions and ensure that such plans are effectively carried within the designated territory/region.</li><li>Maintain good relationship with all potential and existing clients and education brokers.</li><li>Data reporting to management and gathering market intelligence.</li><li>To collect market information and make monthly report on the information collected.</li><li>To provide administration support between Imperium and MAA group of companies when needed.</li><li>Any other duties as assigned.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS :&#160;</strong></div><div>Education&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; : Minimum Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in any discipline.<div>Experience&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; : Minimum 1 years experience in Higher Education Industry.</div>Qualities&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; : Excellent communication, interpersonal skills, strong command of&#160;spoken and written in Malay and&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; English,possess strong networking skills and able work effectively across a wide range of internal&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; teams.<div>KSA&#8217;s (Knowledge, : Knowledge of Microsoft Office Applications, Social Media<br>Skills &amp; Ability)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; platforms.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Imperium International College (IIC) was formerly known as the HELP College of Arts and Technology. Based in Klang, the origin of the name was the Sepang Institute of Technology (SIT), an institution founded in 1996 as a member of the Lion Group.</div>
<div>
	Imperium International College (formerly known as HELP CAT) has grown from strength to strength since its inception in 2011. A multi As a multi-disciplinary education provider, Imperium International College offers a wide range of online and blended learning programs in engineering, culinary, communications and ACCA, amongst others. Imperium International College (IIC) campus at Fraser Business Park, Sungai Besi, was part of the multi-campus development of the IIC. Located within the city of Kuala Lumpur (KL), the college enables students to enjoy the benefits of living and learning in metropolitan of Kuala Lumpur with access to excellent facilities and top academic and professional expertise.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/career-counsellor-for-kuala-lumpur-kuching-johor-penang-4510395?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4510395" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 