---
title: "University of Southampton Malaysia Vacancies Associate Professor - Economics and Actuarial Science & Head of Programme" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-22 
excerpt: "University of Southampton Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Associate Professor - Economics and Actuarial Science & Head of Programme which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Southampton Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Associate Professor - Economics and Actuarial Science & Head of Programme</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UOSM) is seeking applications for Associate Professor - Economics and Actuarial Science &amp; Head of Programme on the balanced career path of research and teaching.</p><p><strong>Essential Criteria</strong></p><ul><li>The applicants must have a Ph.D. degree in Economics, Finance, or Mathematics. The Ph.D. holders in the cross-disciplinary area covering these three fields are also welcomed.</li><li>The postholder is expected to lead UOSM's bachelor's degree programme in Economics and Actuarial Science (EAS). Therefore, the University welcomes applicants who have academic programme leadership experience at any recognised institution of higher learning.</li><li>The applicant should have an excellent research portfolio within the broader areas of insurance, risk management, investment management, and financial planning.</li><li>The applicant should have a sustained record of producing high-quality original research outputs in internationally excellent journals as recognised by the UK Research Excellence Framework or a similar agency in the region if it is appropriate. We normally use the ABS benchmark to determine the quality of relevant journals. UOSM focuses on high-quality research rather than the quantity of publications. We may arrange an external review for the selected publications.&#160;</li><li>The record of securing research grants as the principal investigator is essential, and successful Ph.D. supervision leading to completion is nice to have at this stage of career.</li><li>A minimum of seven years of post-PhD experience in teaching and research in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, or a closely related field at any recognised institution of higher learning. The relevant industry experience is valuable as it complements the teaching and research performance in the disciplinary area. However, this experience will not substitute for the essential teaching and research experience required.</li><li>The applicant should have a record of teaching a wide range of subjects across cross-disciplinary fields, as mentioned above.&#160;</li><li>The role holder will have the proven ability and record to develop and implement plans to enhance the programmes, make sound judgments on significant problems, and provide effective leadership.</li></ul><p><strong>Desirable Criteria:</strong></p><ul><li>Actuarial credentials (Associate or Fellow) in any actuarial professional organisation.</li></ul><p><strong>Key Accountabilities and Primary Responsibilities</strong></p><p><strong>Research</strong></p><ul><li>Plan and coordinate a broad research programme and activity in an area of recognised excellence for the University.&#160;Act as principal investigator on projects, responsible for defining original research objectives, developing and managing staff, and attracting funding through bids and reputation. Develop and oversee the application of innovative and creative research methodologies and techniques that add to the knowledge/understanding of the subject area.</li><li>Develop and sustain a national and international reputation for research and the enhancement of learning and teaching practice by the regular dissemination and explanation of findings through leading peer-reviewed publications, major conferences, or other relevant events.&#160;</li><li>Engage in external academic activities in accordance with the UoSM's Research Strategy, which enhances the UoSM national/international research profile, e.g. membership of committees of academic bodies, external examining, journal editorships, etc.</li><li>Manage administrative tasks associated with specified research funding, including risk assessment of programme activities, leading project meetings, and annual reports preparation.&#160;Management of procedures required to ensure accurate and timely formal reporting and financial control.</li><li>Provide expert advice and subject leadership to other staff and students, including research supervision.</li></ul><p><strong>Education</strong></p><ul><li>Contribute to the development of teaching and learning activities at UoSM, and teach to the highest quality across a range of modules and to all levels, through lectures, tutorials, practical sessions, and seminars.&#160;</li><li>Take responsibility for overseeing, developing, and promoting innovative teaching and learning approaches and materials to create interest, understanding, and enthusiasm amongst students. Directly supervise students, provide expert advice on best practices in learning, and support student understanding and engagement with the curriculum.&#160;</li><li>Identify the learning needs of students and define learning objectives. Promote the use of appropriate media to support student learning.&#160;Set and mark coursework and exams and provide constructive feedback to students.&#160;</li><li>Design, develop, and deliver an innovative range of programmes and study for courses at various levels.&#160;Take responsibility for the quality of the design of courses and programmes, continually monitoring, evaluating, and revising them to ensure excellence and coherence.</li><li>Take on appropriate UoSM coordinating roles to advance student academic development,</li><li>Represent UoSM externally in the relevant disciplinary community.</li><li>Take on any other duties as allocated by the line manager following consultation with the post holder</li></ul><p><strong>Programme Leadership</strong></p><p>As EAS programme lead, the incumbent's responsibilities include:</p><ul><li>Ensuring the high-quality provision of the programmes following the University, the professional body, and the Malaysian Qualifications Agency requirements. This includes but is not limited to:</li></ul><p>a.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Effective teaching delivery of all the modules;</p><p>b.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assessments being carried out as per programmes</p><p>requirements;</p><p>c.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Execution of examination processes; and</p><p>d.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Quality assurance audits and/or activities related to the</p><p>programmes.</p><ul><li>Overseeing the student admission process for the programmes at all levels, ensuring that admission requirements are met.</li><li>Leading and managing all student issues related to the programmes following the University's policies and procedures.</li><li>Ensuring risk assessment for programme activities (including laboratory and workshop activities) is in place and that health and safety requirements are met.</li><li>Providing effective leadership with respect to the portfolio's responsibilities by ensuring that:</li></ul><p>a.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The programmes have staff members in appropriate numbers</p><p>with abilities, attitudes, motivations, performance levels, and</p><p>job descriptions that will support excellent delivery of the</p><p>programmes;</p><p>b.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The budget and resources are efficiently and effectively</p><p>planned and managed;</p><p>c.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Relevant University and Government requirements are met;</p><p>d.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Matters related to the programmes are professionally and</p><p>accurately reported;</p><p>e.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Published information on the programmes is accurate; and</p><p>f.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Engagement with students, faculties, and other departments is</p><p>effective at all levels.</p><p>g.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Managing any operational issues with respect to the delivery of</p><p>the programmes.</p><p><strong>Application Submission</strong></p><p>If you meet the above essential and desirable criteria, can maintain accountability, and take responsibilities across research, teaching, and others, UOSM welcomes your application.</p><p>The application must include the following two documents and please upload these documents in one single PDF file and upload it at &#8216;Uploaded Resume&#8217; option :</p><p>(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;A Cover Letter - addressing how you meet the essential criteria and is suitable for taking the role described above.</p><p>(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;An updated CV that provides complete information of (a) your full academic qualifications, including Ph.D. areas or thesis title, (b) details of your full-time employment including administration and leadership experience (if any), (c) your research profile - covering published papers (highlight the five best articles), funded projects, completed Ph.D. supervisions (if any), and other scholarly works, and (d) your teaching portfolio over the seven years.</p><p>An application without a cover letter or a CV without complete information requested above may not be considered.</p><p><strong>Expected start date:&#160;June/July 2021&#160;</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is a branch campus of the University of Southampton in the UK. The University of Southampton is ranked 97th in the QS World University Rankings 2020 and is a founding member of the Russel Group in the UK. UoSM was established in 2012 and is based in Iskandar Puteri, Johor.</div>
<div>We currently offer an engineering foundation, three undergraduate engineering programmes (MEng Mechanical Engineering, MEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering and MEng Aeronautics and Astronautics),&#160;BSc Accounting and Finance and BSc Business Management and a PhD programme.</div>
<div>The University is also ranked 4th in the UK for Mechanical Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020), 6th in the UK for Aeronautics and Astronautics (The Complete University Guide, 2020) and 3rd in the UK for Electrical and Electronic Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020).</div>
<div>We have ambitious plans to expand our academic portfolio in the near future and move to a new campus in 2021.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/associate-professor-economics-and-actuarial-science-head-of-programme-4546332?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4546332" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 