---
title: "Taylor's International School Vacancies Head of Physical Education (PE)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-05 
excerpt: "Taylor's International School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Physical Education (PE) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Taylor's International School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Physical Education (PE)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>We are seeking Head of Physical Education (PE) who can lead a team of teachers in Primary. This person will be an excellent teacher, articulate and inspiring, confident, stable and supportive, and a highly able, effective and innovative leader. S/he will have stamina, energy and drive in abundance, with the ability and determination to take the department forward, raising teachers&#8217; and students&#8217; standards of achievement to the highest levels, through good teamwork, excellent management and inspirational leadership.</div><div><strong>Key Result Areas/Responsibilities</strong><ul><li>Create a cohesive and dynamic department, with a shared purpose to achieve at the highest levels.</li><li>Develop and implement policies and practices to ensure that the Director of Sports/HOS is well informed about department provision, about the department&#8217;s success in meeting objectives and targets, and about department-related professional development plans.</li><li>Create a climate which enables other teachers to develop and maintain positive attitudes and confidence in their teaching.</li><li>Work alongside the Head of Secondary PE to ensure consistency of approach, curriculum, and good use of teaching staff.</li><li>Work with the Whole School Sports Director.</li><li>Conduct regular meetings aimed at organizing teachers and to build upon strengths and overcome weaknesses.</li><li>Plan comprehensive and appropriate schemes of work.</li><li>Set expectations and targets for teachers and students in relation to standards of student achievement and the quality of teaching.</li><li>Establish with the involvement of the department team and department development plans.</li><li>Work with the appropriate colleagues, to ensure that individual education plans are used to meet the learning needs of students with curriculum support needs.</li><li>Make full use of additional opportunities for curriculum enrichment.</li><li>Required to coach sports teams, both in training and in fixtures. This will take place during and after school hours and possibly some weekends.</li><li>Assisting the Secondary department in both CCA and school sports teams.</li><li>Able to coach a wide range of sports, in particular sports big on the local scene: Football, Tee Ball, Benchball, Basketball, Badminton, Athletics.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Possess a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma or Professional Degree in related field.</li><li>Preference will be given to candidates who hold a Postgraduate Diploma/Certificate in Education (PGDE/PGCE) or equivalent.</li><li>Experience of teaching KS1 is essential.</li><li>At least 5 year(s) of teaching experience in the related field with an international school is desirable for this position.</li></ul></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	The latest addition to the Taylor&#8217;s Education Group, <strong>TAYLOR'S INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL</strong> offers a global learning experience based on the highly valued British Curriculum and focus on character building grounded in the Best of Eastern and Western Values.</div>
<div>
	The School has two campuses located in Kuala Lumpur and Puchong. Catering for students from Early Years till Year 11 (age 4 to 16), the School also offers a strong tri-lingual language foundation through a balanced and holistic learning experience.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-physical-education-pe-4455773?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4455773&sectionRank=6&token=0~b3516817-690b-43d7-bc11-3e7b7f64e85c&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 