---
title: "Zubedy (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Junior Independent Consultant & Full Time Facilitator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-28 
excerpt: "Zubedy (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Junior Independent Consultant & Full Time Facilitator which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Zubedy (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Junior Independent Consultant & Full Time Facilitator</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>We are looking for NEW GEN Y and Z TALENTS to be groomed as our Junior Independent Consultant or full-time Facilitators at zubedy. The job is suited for individuals who&#160;want&#160;to have a career change into consulting and facilitation.</li></ul><ul><li>We prefer confident and outgoing individuals who have had line experience, good at presentation and most importantly MUST BE PASSIONATE ABOUT SHARING KNOWLEDGE.</li></ul><ul><li>These talents will go through an intensive training program under Senior Facilitators and personal mentoring by our&#160;zubedy&#160;associates and Managing Director.</li></ul><p>You will be exposed and coached among other areas in:</p><ul><li>Facilitation, public speaking&#160;and&#160;presentations.</li><li>How to build a business from ground zero.</li><li>How to innovate, create and write winning programs.</li><li>Leadership and Management.</li><li>Managing Oneself.</li><li>How to build a Brand with little money.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Professional Degree, in any field (candidates with Masters would have an added advantage).</li><li>Passionate about teaching and sharing</li><li>Able to work on weekends and outstation</li><li>Able to teach in Bahasa Malaysia and English, ability to deliver in Mandarin or Cantonese would be an advantage</li><li>We prefer practitioners (Line practitioners who want to move into training)</li><li>Must have excellent presentation skills</li><li>At least 3-5 years of working experience in related fields. Working experience in a corporate or business environment preferred.</li><li>Possess own car</li></ul><p><strong><em>The Journey:</em></strong></p><ol><li>These talents will go through an intensive learning program under Senior Facilitators and personal mentoring by our zubedy associates and Managing Director.</li><li>The journey begins after successfully passing the interview stage with a qualification period</li><li>Interested in facilitating Zubedy programs as an Independent Consultant (Not an employee of Zubedy (M) Sdn. Bhd.) and sign a learner&#8217;s agreement for one (1) month to qualify as an Independent Consultant facilitator.</li><li>Within the learner agreement period, undergo the learning curriculum involving Program Syllabus / Content Understanding Delivery Syllabus</li><li>All required Compulsory Courses</li><li>Upon achieving &#8220;Independent Consultant Facilitator&#8221; status for at least one Zubedy program, Management will offer the position of &#8220;Independent Consultant&#8221; via an agreement with details of services and remuneration.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Zubedy (M) Sdn Bhd is a fast-growing human development company that specialises in soft-skills development. Our clients include multinationals, banks, financial institutions, quasi-government bodies, corporate, small and medium industries as well as IT firms. At Zubedy, we aim to add value to the life and work of organisations and individuals through understanding, awareness and behavioural change. We are looking for a qualified and self-motivated person with the same mission, to be part of our team.</p><p>" Teaching is one of the most meaningful professions. "</p><p>- Jubal Lourdes</p><p><strong>Vision</strong></p><p> We intend to ADD VALUE to everyone and everything that we interact with and make the world a </p><p> better place while continuing to be a profitable endeavour.</p><p> <strong>Mission</strong></p><p> To unite people and get people to work together via facilitation programs, publications, client </p><p>  engagements and community projects.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/junior-independent-consultant-full-time-facilitator-4503401?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4503401" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 