---
title: "Government of Victoria, Australia Vacancies Education Services Director, Malaysia" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "Government of Victoria, Australia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Education Services Director, Malaysia which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Government of Victoria, Australia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Education Services Director, Malaysia</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>A unique opportunity has arisen for an experienced professional with an extensive background in international education, project management and business development to join the Victorian Government Trade &amp; Investment (VGTI) network.</div><div>This newly created position will be responsible for leading the Victorian Government&#8217;s international education related activities in Malaysia as well as a focus on Thailand.&#160;</div><div>As part of the Victorian Government&#8217;s Short-Term Economic Recovery Plan, the VGTI is establishing a Study Hub in Kuala Lumpur. The Education Services Manager will work closely with the Education Service Regional Director on all program development related matters. Reporting to the Commissioner for Victoria to South East Asia, this position will involve identifying and communicating opportunities for the Victorian international education sector in Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore and Brunei.&#160;</div><div><strong>The successful candidate must possess:</strong></div><ul><li>An extensive background and track record in in education services promotion with proven ability to develop and lead complex programs.</li><li>Demonstrated leadership skills, including high level stakeholder management experience, and proven ability to oversee strategic planning and implementation within diverse teams.</li><li>Comprehensive understanding of the nuances of the international education market, experience supporting international education businesses and students through diversifying export markets and products.</li><li>The successful candidate for this Locally Engaged Position will be responsible for all arrangements in relation to relocation expenses (if applicable), their accommodation and day-to-day living expenses.</li></ul><div><strong>Benefits</strong></div><div>We offer a competitive package of benefits. The position includes the opportunity to undertake international travel to Australia and within South East Asia. We are committed to building a culture where we say 'yes' to flexible work arrangements, provide personal and professional development programs and support ways of working that help employees balance work and life. Training and development programs are also encouraged.</div><div><strong>Employment Eligibility</strong></div><ul><li>Applicants must be a citizen, Permanent Resident or hold a valid work permit or visa for Malaysia.</li><li>The successful applicant will be subject to extensive background checks, including through relevant law enforcement authorities.</li><li>The department is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applicants from a diverse range of backgrounds, including veterans and people who have a disability, and people from varied cultural backgrounds.</li></ul><div><strong>Contact Information</strong></div><div>Further information regarding this opportunity can be obtained from Joanne Hashim, Regional Education Services Director via email: joanne.hashim@global.vic.gov.au.</div><div>To be considered for this position applications must contain:<br><strong>1.&#160; A statement addressing each of the numbered key selection criteria outlined in the position description, AND<br>2.&#160; A current curriculum vitae listing relevant qualifications and/or registrations, details of employment history and relevant skills.</strong></div></div><div><strong>Applications close at midnight on 3 May 2021 (AEST).&#160;</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<strong>Victorian Government&#8217;s network of Trade and Investment offices (VGTI offices)</strong></div>
<div>
		The Victorian Government Trade and Investment (VGTI) international network underpins Victoria&#8217;s offshore investment attraction and trade promotion operations, supports government and business engagement between Victoria and relevant market and coordinates Ministerial visits to the country.</div>
<div>
		The VGTI offices form part of the network for the attraction of foreign direct investment (FDI), the attraction of additional investment from established investors, the facilitation of exports and more generally, the promotion of Victoria as an international destination for business, students and tourists. VGTI offices are currently located in Beijing, Bengaluru (Bangalore), Boston, Chengdu, Chicago, Dubai, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, London, Mumbai, Nanjing, New York, San Francisco, Santiago, Seoul, Shanghai, Singapore, Tokyo, Washington D.C and Vietnam</div>
<div>
		All Locally Engaged Staff (LES) based in South East Asia report to the Commissioner for Victoria to South East Asia and work closely with Australian based staff, particularly within Global Victoria as well as with other Victorian government agencies with international interests and objectives. An annual Business Plan, which focuses on the direct investment, ministerial support and export objectives, with specified performance indicators and targets, is prepared in conjunction with the Commissioner for Victoria to South East Asia and the relevant Deputy Secretaries.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/education-services-director-malaysia-4543543?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4543543" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 