---
title: "SBIT Training Academy Vacancies Lecturer cum program leader - Information Technology" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-29 
excerpt: "SBIT Training Academy is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer cum program leader - Information Technology which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SBIT Training Academy is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer cum program leader - Information Technology</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Job Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>Conduct lectures, tutorials, practical of the following subjects</li><li>Java, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML 5, CSS 3, bootstrap, PHP, MS SQL, MySQL, C#, Object-oriented programming, ASP.NET MVC 5, Mathematics, research writing and presentation skill.</li><li>Develop/ prepare/ modify/ update/ upgrade teaching materials, for examples:</li><li>Lecture notes, modules, learning units, tutorial worksheets, handouts, etc.</li><li>To assist in developing, planning materials, preparing schemes of work, and maintaining records to monitor student progress, achievement and attendance.</li><li>Set and mark assignments, tests, projects, examination papers, etc.</li><li>Attend and participate actively in school meetings.</li><li>Meet with the head of the school to discuss academic or non-academic matters.</li><li>Carry out invigilation duties every exam.</li><li>Encouraging personal development via the tutorial or pastoral work.</li><li>Read journals, latest literature on related fields to update knowledge.</li><li>Assist in the programming of the School Information System.</li><li>Assist in organizing school events/ functions and marketing the school program.</li><li>Be involved in research and contribute articles to the school website.</li><li>Assist in conducting workshops, talks organized by the school.</li><li>Assist students in the participation of national/ regional related contests.</li><li>To contribute to the development, planning, and implementation of a high-quality curriculum.</li><li>To maintain own continuing professional development.</li></ul><p>Requirement:</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor&#8217;s Degree/Post-Graduate Diploma/ Professional Degree in Computer Science/ Information Technology or equivalent.</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience in the related field</li><li>Passion in teaching.</li><li>Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken.</li><li>Preferably able to teach using Mandarin and English.</li><li>Experience in the following areas will be an added advantage:</li><li>Multimedia/ Games Development.</li><li>Web development</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are a private training organization established to provide quality IT support skills training to Malaysians, especially school leavers. Through our training, our students will be equipped with the latest repairs &amp; support skills and programming skills to start their career or to start their own IT business immediately. We invite capable, suitable, energetic &amp; self-driven candidates to join us for the following vacancy.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-cum-program-leader-information-technology-4472558?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4472558&sectionRank=5&token=0~16b6333f-6ce4-418d-b1b4-57467901a706&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 