---
title: "University of Reading Malaysia (JB) Vacancies Careers Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-29 
excerpt: "University of Reading Malaysia (JB) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Careers Officer which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Reading Malaysia (JB) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Careers Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Post Title&#160;&#160;</strong>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; : Careers Officer</div><div><strong>School/Department</strong> : Student Welfare and Academic Services (SWAS)<br><b>Reports to&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#160;</b>: Director of Student Welfare and Academic Services<br><strong>Responsible for&#160; &#160; &#160;</strong>&#160; : Development of graduate employability services</div><div><strong>Purpose</strong><br>The incumbent will lead the development of graduate employability services at UoRM. The post holder will be responsible for sourcing and advertising job opportunities to students who will be graduating, delivering careers training sessions to students on programmes including working with the academic staff and Internship/Careers Providers and look into alumni relations of UoRM.</div>Main duties and responsibilies<div>&#8226; To source for job opportunities/openings by contacting the Alumni and other organisation and communicate these opportunities to graduating students;<br>&#8226; To build a database of employers and alumni from various industries and maintain/update the date on a regular basis;<br>&#8226; To attend career events/job fair and industry events for the purpose of seeking out job opportunities for students with reputable employers and inviting them to conduct talks on campus with the possibility of signing an MOU;<br>&#8226; To provide general careers guidance with an insight to working environment to students on a 1 to 1 basis or in group sessions;<br>&#8226; Facilitate and organise campus job fair at least, twice per academic year, to create awareness and wide range of job opportunities for students;<br>&#8226; Assist students at enhancing their skills of employability and help them discover their strengths by conducting workshops/training, at least twice per term;<br>&#8226; Create opportunities for students to be in contact with potential employers in various industries;<br>&#8226; Contribute to the development of a careers and employability strategy for UoRM by preparing standard operating procedures;<br>&#8226; To work closely with the Internship/Placement providers so as to ensure students&#8217; needs are met;<br>&#8226; Prepare reports on a monthly basis;<br>&#8226; Prepare filing of all relevant documents for the purpose of audit;<br>&#8226; To support Welcome Week, Week 6 and other activities organized by SWAS;<br>&#8226; Responsible in building the alumni unit of UoRM and keeping regular contact with the alumni;<br>&#8226; Assist at the Helpdesk counter during lunch time and when necessary;<br>&#8226; Able to observe and work within the University of Reading&#8217;s values and professional behaviours framework;<br><br><strong>Qualifications and Experience</strong><br>&#8226; Degree or Diploma level qualification with relevant work related experience or an equivalent combination of relevant experience and/or education/training.<br>&#8226; Excellent English written and oral communication skills and the ability to deal with staff and clients at all levels with tact and discretion.<br>&#8226; Excellent customer service and interpersonal skills including the ability to work effectively and flexibly both as a member of a team and independently.<br>&#8226; Demonstrate good organisational skills including accuracy, numeracy, attention to detail and the ability to prioritise workload effectively when required.<br>&#8226; Experience in providing a range of administrative services, including effective record keeping and general office management and the ability to co-ordinate a variety of tasks.<br>&#8226; Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to use initiative and exercise sound judgement.<br>&#8226; Excellent skills in the use of content management systems and other relevant web-based software.<br>&#8226; Previous administrative experience with the Education sector or within a highly customer focused organization</div><div><strong>Supervision received</strong><br>&#8226; The post reports to the Director of Student Welfare &amp; Academic Services.</div><div><strong>Contact</strong><br>&#8226; The post holder will have frequent contact with staff in Malaysia and at University of Reading, UK as well as students, applicants, and visitors.</div><div><strong>Terms and conditions</strong><br>&#8226; This post is full-time and permanent. The probationary period is six months. The post is based in Nusajaya, Johor, Malaysia.<br>&#160;</div></div><div>Enable GingerCannot connect to Ginger Check your internet connection<br>or reload the browserDisable in this text fieldEditEdit in GingerEdit in Ginger&#215;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	&#160; &#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; We are an international branch campus of the University of Reading, UK.&#160; Our stunning, modern campus is located in Educity, Iskandar Puteri, a strategic initiative by the government to establish what is now a rapidly-emerging international hub for education.&#160; The campus building is a spacious, eco-friendly facility that houses IT-enabled classrooms, lecture theatre, labs, a learning resource centre and student social areas all under one roof.&#160; As part of Educity, staff and students have access to world-class sports facilities.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; We focus on high-quality teaching and research and offer degrees in professional disciplines that mirror those found on the UK campus.&#160; Schools represented on campus include the renowned Henley Business School, School of Law, School of Built Environment and School of Psychology and Clinical Language Sciences.&#160; We place significant emphasis on the student experience, employability, industry links and supporting the Iskandar community.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong> ABOUT US</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; University of Reading Malaysia (UoRM) is a wholly-owned international branch campus of the University of Reading.&#160; The University of Reading is one the UK&#8217;s leading research intensive universities and is consistently ranked in league tables for its high-quality teaching and research, internationalisation, and graduate employability.&#160; UoRM is an integral part of the University&#8217;s global strategy, together with the NUIST-Reading Academy in Nanjing China and various other international partnerships.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; <strong>ABOUT YOU</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; This is an excellent opportunity to be a part of the dynamic team at University of Reading Malaysia.&#160; You have a great attitude along with energy and enthusiasm.&#160; You are dedicated, self-motivated and able to learn quickly.&#160; You enjoy being part of a team and working with others in a collaborative manner.&#160; You are always professional and respectful.<br><br><strong> COME AND JOIN US</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; University of Reading Malaysia,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; PTD 154972, Persiaran Graduan,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; Kota Ilmu,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; 79200 Iskandar Puteri<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; Johor, Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/careers-officer-4551130?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4551130" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 