---
title: "MAHSA University Vacancies Deputy Dean, Faculty of Medicine, Bioscience & Nursing" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "MAHSA University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Deputy Dean, Faculty of Medicine, Bioscience & Nursing which positioned at Selangor - Others" 
tags: [Selangor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MAHSA University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Deputy Dean, Faculty of Medicine, Bioscience & Nursing</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div><div>The Deputy Dean <strong>assists the Dean </strong>and works with the faculty and departments to monitor and improve the academic delivery and program development. He/She is responsible for the organization and operation of the faculty, including the operations of the departments of study and of organized research units, and for its effectiveness in achieving its purpose.<br>&#160;</div><div><strong>Academic Leadership</strong></div><ul><li>Manages resources of undergraduate teaching programs and arranges for interaction of faculty curricular. The Deputy Dean assures that service and prerequisite courses in the faculty are provided in adequate numbers, and that the course syllabi meet the needs of subjects for which the courses are prerequisites.</li><li>Encourages the planning and development of new curricular configurations, i.e., more rational, imaginative and economic ways to coordinate or consolidate the subject matters of the various discipline aggregated under the label of the faculty.</li><li>Facilitates the development of research, performance, and enrichment activities.</li><li>Reviews current academic programs. Identifies and assists programs of excellence, and maintains a climate hospitable to creativity and innovation.</li><li>Approves appointment of academic administrators in accordance with campus delegations; assures their proper orientation and training.</li><li>Maintains and affirmatives action program for faculty and staff recruitment and retention consistent with University affirmative action policies.</li></ul>&#160;<strong>Academic Personnel</strong><ul><li>Recommends, and when delegated, approves recruitment, appointment, promotion, corrective action and exit of academic personnel. The Deputy Dean is expected to make independent judgements in this area of responsibility, with the guide/instruction by the Dean. The Dean and superiors must be kept informed on all decision made.</li><li>Supports and assists the scholarly development of the faculty, particularly junior faculty; fosters research programs.</li><li>Administers leave policies; has authority to approve or reject for paid and unpaid leaves, including sabbatical leaves, in accordance with policy.</li><li>Identify training needs for employees in the faculty and recommend suitable trainings to upskill the employees.</li></ul>&#160;<strong>Administrative Direction</strong><ul><li>Responsible for the financial affairs of the faculty, including seeking budgetary and extramural funds and managing the faculty resources; facilitates grant applications.</li><li>Identifies needs for faculty positions, establishes priorities, and makes recommendations to the VC and Managing Director.</li><li>Assures proper management of and is responsible for space, facilities, and property for the division.</li></ul>&#160;<strong>Student Affairs</strong><ul><li>To manage all undergraduate students matters</li><li>To manage students orientation, induction, success and graduation</li><li>To ensure students wellbeing is taken care.</li></ul>&#160;&#160;<strong>Administrative Coordination</strong><ul><li>Consult University management team in the development and implementation of campus-wide policies and programs and provides advice regarding the recruiting and evaluation of campus staff whose activities significantly affect the division.</li><li>Consults University senior management to obtain support for faculty goals, to coordinate related campus activities, and to obtain advice regarding the recruiting and evaluation of staff whose activities significantly affect campus functions.</li><li>Works with the academic departments and programs and the DVC to maintain effective interaction between faculty governance and academic administration with regard to faculty affairs.</li><li>Works with other Deputy Deans to maintain communication and cooperation among faculty, to explore possibilities for reciprocal and joint arrangements, and to review matters of common concern.</li></ul><div><strong>Other Duties as assigned by the Deanery, Chancellery and/or Directorate</strong><br>&#160;</div><div><strong>Requirements :</strong></div><ul><li>Basic Degree in Medicine (MBBS or Equivalent) with a Master Degree in any relevant field in Medicine. Those with PhD or Professional Qualification will be highly considered.</li><li>Min 5 years experience in academic management and operation as well as people management.</li><li>Good in managing student matters.</li><li>Excellent problem solving, communication, organizational and management skills.</li><li>Well versed with MoHE, MQA and Professional Body requirements</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Recognised as one of the best&#160;Universities in Malaysia, MAHSA UNIVERSITY offers high quality education to meet the surging demand of professionals in the industry.</p><p>We are commited to excellence in providing the platform for aspiring students and professionals alike. In line with our expansion plans, we invite highly motivated and committed individuals who share our goals to embark on long and rewarding careers with us.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/deputy-dean-faculty-of-medicine-bioscience-nursing-4518495?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4518495" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 