---
title: "Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant Professor in Psychology, Malaysia Social Sciences (Part-Time)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-03 
excerpt: "Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Professor in Psychology, Malaysia Social Sciences (Part-Time) which positioned at Putrajaya" 
tags: [Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Professor in Psychology, Malaysia Social Sciences (Part-Time)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Job Description</strong></div><div><br>Heriot-Watt University Malaysia is seeking to recruit an enthusiastic academic with experience of teaching, and holding a valid permit to teach in Malaysia. The successful candidate will be expected to develop strong links to colleagues at the Edinburgh and Dubai campuses to deliver high quality cross-campus learning and teaching. The postholder will be expected to have a broad knowledge of a range of topics within psychology, but will specifically required to teach one undergraduate course &#8216;Cognition across the life span&#8217; and two postgraduate courses &#8216;Social and Organisational Change&#8217; and &#8216;Diversity&#8217;. Depending on the applicant&#8217;s qualifications and experience, we may appoint either one or two staff to deliver these courses.</div><div><br>The role will be based at the University's campus in Putrajaya, the administrative capital of Malaysia. Programmes will be delivered in English and so fluency in English is essential. An induction programme will be delivered to all new academic staff on Heriot-Watt's standards and values, and to give practical experience on preparation, delivery and assessment of teaching.</div></div><div><div><strong>Key Duties and Responsibilities</strong></div><div>The post-holder will be required to teach one undergraduate course &#8216;Cognition across the life span&#8217; and two postgraduate courses &#8216;Social and Organisational Change&#8217; and &#8216;Diversity&#8217;.</div><br>The role would include the following activities:<br>1. Preparation for all teaching activities<br>2. Teaching (lectures, tutorials, practical classes etc as appropriate)<br>3. Completing attendance reports<br>4. Guidance for students and additional support where necessary<br>5. Revision with students<br>6. Setting and marking formative assessment tasks<br>7. Marking a coursework essay or a group presentation/executive summary report as one of the summative assessment tasks<br>8. Preparation of draft exam papers<br>9. Marking of exam papers<br>10. Prepare assessment spreadsheets containing students marks in the format required by student progression committees and/or exam boards.<div><br>All HWUM staff endeavours will embody our shared values of: Inspire, Collaborate, Belong, and Celebrate.</div><div><br>Please note that this job description is not exhaustive, and the role holder may be required to undertake other relevant duties commensurate with the grading of the post and its general responsibilities. Activities may be subject to amendment over time as the role develops and/or priorities and requirements evolve.</div><div><strong>Person Specification</strong></div><div>This section details the attributes e.g. skills, knowledge/qualifications and competencies which are required in order to undertake the full remit of the role.</div><div>Education &amp; Qualifications</div><div>Essential:</div><ul><li>Master degree for teaching undergraduate course and PhD for teaching post- graduate course, in appropriate discipline</li></ul><div>Desirable:</div><ul><li>Member of appropriate professional body</li><li>Teaching qualification or in the process of obtaining one</li></ul>Experience<div>Essential:</div><ul><li>Teaching experience at undergraduate and postgraduate levels, as appropriate</li><li>Experience of reviewing and updating teaching materials</li><li>Clear communicator with good presentation skills, explaining concepts well</li></ul><div>Desirable:</div><ul><li>Track record of research</li></ul><div>Competencies, Skills &amp; Knowledge</div>Essential:<ul><li>Fluent (verbal and written) in English</li><li>An ability to apply knowledge acquired from research into teaching materials and methods</li></ul><div>Special Factors (if applicable)</div><div>Desirable:</div><ul><li>We are looking for a quick learner who feels comfortable with an online teaching platform as we expect delivery will be as responsive blended learning.</li></ul><div><strong>Essential Criteria</strong> &#8211; these are attributes without which a candidate would not be able to undertake the full remit of the role. Applicants who do not clearly demonstrate in their application that they possess the essential requirements will normally be eliminated at the short listing stage.</div><strong>Desirable Criteria</strong> &#8211; these are attributes which would be useful for the candidate to hold. When shortlisting, these criteria will be considered when more than one applicant meets the essential criteria.<div>Due to Malaysian Immigration restrictions, we regret that this position is only open to citizens or permanent residents of Malaysia.</div><br>We aim to hold interviews online using Microsoft Office Teams by end of July 2021.<div><strong>Application Process</strong></div>Applications should be submitted to Oracle system.<div><br>Applications must be submitted by 14 July 2021. If you are not contacted by the selection committee by 28 July 2021 then please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful.</div><br>The University is committed to equality of opportunity.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Heriot-Watt University Malaysia (HWUM) is a UK university campus based in Putrajaya, Malaysia. HWUM is the second international campus of Heriot-Watt University ("HWU") which is a leading research-intensive UK university, specialising in science, technology, engineering, business, languages, textiles and design. With an international reputation for scientific and technological excellence, the University is truly global in scope and scale with a campus in Dubai, three campuses in Scotland and over 150 partners world-wide.</div>
<div>
	HWUM is operating from a stunning, purpose-built, eco-friendly, lakeside campus that currently has more than 2,000 students. Besides the academic offerings that range from Foundation to Undergraduate and Postgraduate programmes in Business, Engineering, Construction, Actuarial Science and more, the university is a pioneer in Impact-Based and Positive Education aiming at developing Purpose-driven, resilient and world-ready graduates.</div>
<div>
	With highly motivated community, state-of-the-art learning resources and world-class learning and teaching facilities, the Putrajaya campus is a dynamic and stimulating place to study, grow and flourish. Students studying at Heriot-Watt University Malaysia undertake a well-structured developmental programme that takes them in four stages to develop the skills of knowing and leading self, leading teams, leading communities and leading enterprise. This inculcates emotional intelligence, interpersonal and analytical skills sought after by employers. Learning outcomes and standards are identical across all campuses which enables students to seamlessly transfer between campuses.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-professor-in-psychology-malaysia-social-sciences-part-time-4605307?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4605307" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 