---
title: "KELLYOCG MALAYSIA SDN BHD Vacancies Learning And Development Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-17 
excerpt: "KELLYOCG MALAYSIA SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Learning And Development Manager which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>KELLYOCG MALAYSIA SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Learning And Development Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Client Overviews:</strong><br>Our Client is a British multinational medical equipment manufacturing company headquartered in England. It is an international producer of advanced wound management products, arthroscopy products, trauma and clinical therapy products, etc products. Its products are sold in over 100+ countries.</div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Leadership/Supervisory Role:<ul><li>Leading the learning and development department and providing direction to site employees and personnel.&#160;</li><li>Imparts learning and development support systems to the department, enabling them to better execute their duties by sharpening their skills.</li><li>Assesses and effects changes in the Learning and Development team&#8217;s structure in order to meet the business&#8217;s growth goals.</li><li>Ensure that programs meet deadlines and that they are completed within the allocated budgets.</li><li>Manages training and development processes ensuring all new hires receive high-quality orientation and on-boarding experiences in order to maintain a high employee performance level.</li><li>Manage HRDF Fund (Human Resource Development/Training Fund) portal and claims/submits applications to request for training grants and obtains approvals from the govt</li><li>Plays a lead strategic role overseeing the creation of content, e-learning, collateral and other training materials that will impact behavior-changing training using various training theories inclusive of job aids, facilitator and participant guides, on-the-job training systems, tutorials, and demonstration models.</li><li>Drives the development of programs that incorporate overall site objectives such as the business&#8217;s compliance, regulatory and production goals.</li><li>Develops and maintains interactive learning solutions that drive results for the business and ensure that those solutions are instructionally sound and are up to company quality standards</li></ul></li><li>Collaboration:<ul><li>Builds solid cross-functional relationships with departmental heads and management across the business.</li><li>Partners with management yearly development of Training Needs Analysis (TNA) in order to determine program priorities, roll-out plans, set program deadlines, and ROI analytics.</li><li>Actively builds and oversees the coordination of the Technical and Apprenticeship programs for the organization. Facilitates the creation and updates to the Apprenticeship / Meister Med playbook and partners with HR and other leaders to ensure a positive pipeline of well-trained talent.</li><li>Actively involved in employee onboarding/orientation and conducts onboarding training briefing for all new hires.</li></ul></li></ul><div><strong>Job requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>At least 5 year(s) of working experience in the Learning and Development in Manufacturing Setting.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Penang.</li><li>Experience with TNA, HRDF, &#8220;bonus&#8221; if the candidate has Technical knowledge.</li><li>Familiar with AMMI / Medical Associations</li><li>People Manager</li><li>Preferably someone from Medical Industry</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	KellyOCG is a global leader in innovative talent management solutions in the areas of Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO), Business Process Outsourcing (BPO), Human Resources Consulting, Career Transition and Organizational Effectiveness Consulting, Executive Search and Contingent Workforce Outsourcing (CWO), which includes Independent Contractor Solutions.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/learning-and-development-manager-4592975?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4592975" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 