---
title: "Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Research Assistant in Petroleum/Chemical Engineering" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-09 
excerpt: "Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Research Assistant in Petroleum/Chemical Engineering which positioned at Putrajaya" 
tags: [Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Research Assistant in Petroleum/Chemical Engineering</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Description</strong></div><div><br>Heriot-Watt University Malaysia is seeking to recruit an enthusiastic candidate to help deliver research in the area of phase behaviour and kinetics of gas hydrates. The successful candidate will be employed for a period of 2 years, and will be required to fulfil the research obligations of a project entitled Inhibition mechanisms of deep eutectic solvents (DEPs) on clathrate hydrate formation under high-pressure conditions. This research is funded by Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (FRGS) and aims to give fundamental insights on inhibition mechanisms of DEPs during gas hydrate formations.</div><div>The post-holder will be required to demonstrate a thorough knowledge of phase behaviour, thermodynamics and reaction kinetics and to have a working knowledge of a range of topics within the sphere of their chosen discipline. They will also be expected to work as part of a wider research team, and to develop strong links with colleagues located at the Malaysia and Scottish campuses, as well as with those partners and collaborators related to the project.</div><div>All of the research activities and the project reporting will be undertaken in English and so fluency is essential. The successful candidate will also be required to register for a higher research degree, for example, Doctor of Philosophy or Master of Philosophy, for which a tuition fee waiver will be granted. As a requirement of the tuition fee waiver, the post-holder may also be required to tutor undergraduate students.</div><div>The role will be based at the University's campus in Putrajaya, the administrative capital of Malaysia. The candidate will have the access to established university resources, and an induction programme will be delivered to all new appointees.</div><div><strong>Key Duties and Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Conduct and manage research and related administrative activities, with guidance as required, ensuring that project aims and objectives are met.</li><li>Working closely with the supervisory team, develop and plan research objectives.</li><li>Present information on research progress and outcomes to, for example, project lead, funding body, university research committee, research team, etc.</li><li>Publish research reports, conference and indexed journal papers in line with project requirements.</li><li>Build appropriate networks within and outside the team.</li><li>Support dissemination and contribute to technical workshops, seminars and conferences as appropriate</li><li>Where needed, travel to partner universities (research collaborators) to carry out research and/or attend meetings presentations etc.</li><li>Ensure that all data collection undertaken as part of the project is done so ethically and in line with both UK (GDPR) and Malaysian privacy and data protection policies, and in compliance with the requirements of the funder.</li><li>Provide tutoring and assist in the supervision of student research projects as necessary.</li><li>Register as a Master (by research) or PhD student at our University, and fulfil all obligations of this registration and course of study.</li><li>Applicants should note that the Intellectual property generated as part of this research will belong to both Heriot-Watt University Malaysia and the project funder.</li></ul><div>All HWUM staff endeavours will embody our shared values of: Inspire, Collaborate, Belong, and Celebrate.</div>Please note that this job description is not exhaustive, and the role holder may be required to undertake other relevant duties commensurate with the grading of the post and its general responsibilities. Activities may be subject to amendment over time as the role develops and/or priorities and requirements evolve.<div><strong>Person Specification</strong></div><div>Education &amp; Qualifications</div><div>Essential:</div><ul><li>Bachelor degree in chemical/mechanical/petroleum engineering or related cognate discipline</li></ul><div>Desirable:</div><ul><li>Master or equivalent in appropriate discipline</li><li>Satisfies the entry requirement for MPhil or PhD programme, Heriot-Watt University</li></ul><div>Experience</div><div>Essential:</div><ul><li>Knowledge of thermodynamics, phase behaviour and kinetics are essential</li><li>Clear communicator with good reading and writing skills; good at understanding and explaining concepts</li></ul><div>Desirable:</div><ul><li>Knowledge of gas hydrate is desirable</li><li>Possesses research and analytical skills with strong capacity to conduct independent research</li><li>Research experience</li><li>Experience of publishing papers in journals/ conferences</li><li>Successful completion of funded research and/or funded knowledge exchange</li></ul><div>Competencies, Skills &amp; Knowledge</div><div>Essential:</div><ul><li>Ability to conceptualize problems and develop well-reasoned and logical viewpoints</li><li>Fluent (verbal and written) in English</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Office Software (Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint)</li><li>Hardworking, proactive, willing to learn new things</li><li>Ability to work both independently and as part of a team</li><li>Flexible, self-motivated and able to plan his/her own work</li><li>Good interpersonal skills</li></ul><div>Special Factors (if applicable)</div><ul><li>Only Malaysian nationals</li><li>Enjoys being part of an academic community, and willing to take a 'hands on' approach from the outset.</li></ul><div>Essential Criteria &#8211; these are attributes without which a candidate would not be able to undertake the full remit of the role.&#160; Applicants who do not clearly demonstrate in their application that they possess the essential requirements will normally be eliminated at the short listing stage.</div><div>Desirable Criteria &#8211; these are attributes which would be useful for the candidate to hold. When shortlisting, these criteria will be considered when more than one applicant meets the essential criteria.</div><div><strong>Application Process</strong></div><div>Due to Malaysian Immigration restrictions, we regret that this position is only open to citizens or permanent residents of Malaysia.</div><div>Applications should be submitted to the Oracle.</div><div>Applications must be submitted by 9 May 2021. If you are not contacted by the selection committee by 31 May 2021 then please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful.</div><div>The University is committed to equality of opportunity.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Heriot-Watt University Malaysia (HWUM) is a UK university campus based in Putrajaya, Malaysia. HWUM is the second international campus of Heriot-Watt University ("HWU") which is a leading research-intensive UK university, specialising in science, technology, engineering, business, languages, textiles and design. With an international reputation for scientific and technological excellence, the University is truly global in scope and scale with a campus in Dubai, three campuses in Scotland and over 150 partners world-wide.</div>
<div>
	HWUM is operating from a stunning, purpose-built, eco-friendly, lakeside campus that currently has more than 2,000 students. Besides the academic offerings that range from Foundation to Undergraduate and Postgraduate programmes in Business, Engineering, Construction, Actuarial Science and more, the university is a pioneer in Impact-Based and Positive Education aiming at developing Purpose-driven, resilient and world-ready graduates.</div>
<div>
	With highly motivated community, state-of-the-art learning resources and world-class learning and teaching facilities, the Putrajaya campus is a dynamic and stimulating place to study, grow and flourish. Students studying at Heriot-Watt University Malaysia undertake a well-structured developmental programme that takes them in four stages to develop the skills of knowing and leading self, leading teams, leading communities and leading enterprise. This inculcates emotional intelligence, interpersonal and analytical skills sought after by employers. Learning outcomes and standards are identical across all campuses which enables students to seamlessly transfer between campuses.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/research-assistant-in-petroleum-chemical-engineering-4533575?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4533575" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 