---
title: "Sunway University Vacancies Senior Lecturer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "Sunway University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Lecturer which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sunway University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Lecturer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>The successful candidate will be based in the <strong>School of Mathematical Sciences</strong> at Sunway University.</div><div><br><strong>GENERAL DUTIES</strong></div><div>Senior Lecturers are expected to provide leadership in and contribute to the teaching, research and general administration, support and management of the Department/Centre, School and University, including undertaking leadership roles.&#160; Academic staff members are also expected engage actively in activities to develop or enhance their teaching, research and/ or professional expertise relevant to their profession or discipline area.&#160;&#160;</div><div><br>The duties/responsibilities listed below describe the general nature of the role.&#160; The proportion of time spent on teaching, research and service (administration and management) will vary from individual to individual and from time to time; staff may be required to undertake other duties, commensurate with an academic position at the level of Senior Lecturer, depending on the needs of the Department and individual strengths.</div><div><br>At all times, staff are expected to behave in a professional and courteous manner, undertaking assigned duties to the best of their abilities, and adhering to the University&#8217;s codes of conduct, policies and practices.</div><div><strong>SPECIFIC DUTIES<br>Research:</strong></div><ul><li>Conduct research in relevant disciplines;</li><li>Publish high quality journal articles, conference papers and/or other peer reviewed outputs as appropriate to the subject discipline;&#160;&#160;</li><li>Secure funding to support their research;</li><li>Supervise student research projects, including Doctoral and/or Masters students;</li><li>Lead on and participate in collaborative research projects with colleagues both within and external to the University;</li><li>Engage proactively with the wider research community in their fields of study, promoting their own research and the academic reputation of the University.</li></ul><div><strong>Teaching:</strong></div><ul><li>Design, plan and deliver lectures, tutorials and other teaching and learning activities appropriate to their discipline, and subject to the requirements of the University including by electronic/online means;</li><li>Assess student work and progress, providing constructive and timely feedback;</li><li>Regularly review the effectiveness of their teaching, including use of feedback from students and colleagues, and proactively seek ways to improve the quality and effectiveness of their teaching;</li><li>Contribute to the design, development, delivery, review and enhancement of programmes of study within their Department/School;</li><li>Invigilate examinations and assessments, moderate assessments papers, including second marking, and attend and contribute to Subject and Programme Boards.</li></ul><div><strong>Service:</strong></div><ul><li>Participate constructively in Department, School and/or University committees;</li><li>Participate in internal and external events, such as open days, outreach activities, and visits to partner institutions and internship placements;</li><li>Support and assist senior colleagues in ensuring the smooth running of the department and programmes;</li><li>Provide academic counselling to students, referring them to other support services as required.</li></ul><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>PhD in Actuarial Science/ Mathematics and/or Fellow of Actuarial Professional Body.</li><li>Minimum 5 years working experience.</li><li>Excellent command of English, both oral &amp; written.</li><li>Good track record of research &amp; publication.</li><li>Ability to work in team.</li><li>Highly agile and adaptable to changing environment.</li></ul><div>We thank all applicants for expressing their interest in this vacancy. Please note that only shortlisted applicants will be notified.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
			Sunway University is one of Malaysia&#8217;s leading private universities. It has received the top 5-star ratings for its teaching, facilities and graduate employability by the international university rating organization &#8220;QS&#8221;. It has also received the 5-star (&#8220;excellent&#8221;) rating three times in a row in the national university quality assessment exercise SETARA. Sunway University is owned by the Jeffrey Cheah Foundation and is a not-for-profit institution. The University occupies a state-of-the-art campus opened in 2015 at the heart of Sunway Resort City, linked by canopy level walkways to all of the amenities of the Sunway locality including the Sunway Lagoon Theme Park and the Sunway Pyramid Shopping Mall. The University has experienced strong annual growth in recent years and is rapidly developing its academic programmes and research. The University has strong collaborations with leading institutions Worldwide and offers dual degrees with Lancaster University, UK, a global top 1% institution. [University licence no.: DU025(B)].</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-lecturer-4569123?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4569123" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 