---
title: "UMT JAYA HOLDINGS SDN. BHD. Vacancies OPERATION MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-26 
excerpt: "UMT JAYA HOLDINGS SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the OPERATION MANAGER which positioned at Kuala Terengganu" 
tags: [Kuala Terengganu] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UMT JAYA HOLDINGS SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>OPERATION MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Roles &amp; Responsibilities</strong></p><p>The position of Operation Manager consists of determining and formulating strategies and providing overall direction of the company&#8217;s overall direction within the guidelines set up by the Chief Executive Officer, with an emphasis on long- term growth. It also consists of planning, directing, or coordinating operational activities for every strategic business unit at the highest level of management.</p><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><p>To lead and manage overall operational and project management function involving all strategic business unit within the company includes:</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Achieve target / KPI in term of project management and delivery as set by the management.&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Oversee daily operations and provide strategic leadership expertise that ensures the effective operation of all strategic business units.&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Plan, organize, direct and run optimum operations to exceed customer's expectation.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Focus on maximization of financial performance and developing team members with established quality standards whilst maintaining the integrity of the team</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Manage annual budgeting and monthly forecasting and ensure business profitability whilst maintaining the company image.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Monitor operations and trigger corrective actions to ensure achievement of the overall planning, execution, and completion of the project include budgeting, scheduling, and achieving the target profitability</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Builds company image by collaborating with customers, government, community organization, other stakeholders and enforcing ethical business practices</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Report to the CEO and Board of Directors</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Any other duties as assigned by the CEO from time to time.</p><p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At least a Bachelor Degree Holder in Business Management / Operation Management or any equivalent discipline from a recognized university</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Preferably Managers specializing in Corporate Strategy / Project Management / Operation Management or equivalent.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Candidate must possess at least 10 years of working experience in the related field including 3 years holding any managerial position.&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Strong interpersonal skills and demonstrate leadership capabilities to lead and work with diverse teams.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Able to develop necessary new SOP based on own analysis of the new business environment.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Accountable, possessed strong leadership and can operate independently.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Strong project management experience; Ability to work under pressure and to meet tight deadlines in ambiguous and fast-paced environment</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>UMT Jaya Holdings Sdn. Bhd. (UMTJ) was incorporated on 8th November 2009, as a wholly owned company of University Malaysia Terengganu (UMT), a public university established under the Universities &amp; University Colleges Act 1971.</p><p>Incorporation of UMTJ served as a commercial arm for the university in order to achieve long term financial sustainability through optimization and monetization of the university assets, expertise and other resources.&#160;&#160;</p><p>Currently, UMTJ involves in 3 main sectors namely Education &amp; Training, Research &amp; Consultancy Services and Commercialization of UMT&#8217;s intellectual properties. Moving forward, UMTJ is committed to explore potential opportunities through strategic collaboration with a government agencies as well as an industry partners with a noble vision in benefiting our shareholder and various stakeholders.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Terengganu. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/operation-manager-4489087?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4489087" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 