---
title: "Camou Studio & Academy Sdn Bhd Vacancies Lecturer In Illustration" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Camou Studio & Academy Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer In Illustration which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Camou Studio & Academy Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer In Illustration</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>Responsibilities:</span></p><p><span>We need you:</span></p><p><span>1. To be responsible over company&#8217;s advertising materials&#8217; design, marketing materials&#8217; design, motion graphic or any workload that is related to design.</span></p><p><span>2. To complete storyboard design, animation production, VFX, post-production or compositing.</span></p><p><span>3. To be able to work independently or provide support to the design team.</span></p><p><span>4. To assist the marketing department in branding design.</span></p><p><span>5. To perform industrial experience and knowledge on work, and control budget spending on design and production.</span></p><p><span>6. To be able to arrange task priorities and complete the tasks within the given period.</span></p><p><span>7. To be familiar with the workflow of motion graphic production and to design your own motion graphic production SOP.</span></p><p><span>Requirements:</span></p><p><span>We are looking forward to meeting candidates who are:</span></p><p><span>1. Passionate in teaching, learning, design and always striving for improvement.</span></p><p><span>2. Possess a talent in arts and who are meticulous.</span></p><p><span>3. Versatile in designing, possess all-round design skills.</span></p><p><span>4. Able to complete post-production, 3D &amp; graphic design tasks efficiently.</span></p><p><span>5. Possess skills in Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effect, C4D/3Ds Max, Premiere Pro, Mocha or any other design software.</span></p><p><span>6. Possess the ability to master new knowledge, especially in VFX or any production workflow that evolves rapidly.</span></p><p><span>7. Possess good ability in controlling artworks&#8217; creativity, design, animation, tempo and colour.</span></p><p><span>8. Good command in Mandarin and English is a must!</span></p><p><span>The recruitment will based on the individual's portfolio.</span></p><p><span>Working Environment:</span></p><p><span>We are able to provide you with:</span></p><p><span>1. The largest scale of media design academy in Johor.</span></p><p><span>2. Over 10000 sqft of large and luxurious working studio and education labs.</span></p><p><span>3. i7 processors and 24&#8221; IPS duo-monitor personal working computer.</span></p><p><span>4. Infinity White Wall double volume snap shot studio</span></p><p><span>5. Green Screen &amp; Black Screen Studio</span></p><p><span>6. 7.1 Dolly Digital Cinema</span></p><p><span>7. Professional Sound Recording Room</span></p><p><span>8. A good working environment</span></p><p><span>Please submit your resume along with portfolio.</span></p><p><span>Please provide at least 3 artworks that are able to showcase your talent in design/photography/videography or any other artworks that is related to visual design along with your salary expectation.</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Camou Academy of Media Arts is an innovative facility that brings together the best in creativity and technology. We are a professional design studio with limitless opprtunities for the brightest and best creative minds. We are also a media arts design academy where professionals create professionals.&#160;</p><p>At Camou Academy, we know that it is not the technology that drives results, but the artist. Therefore, our instructors are working professionals with traditional backgrounds who use the technology to bring their imaginations to life. We are not just experts in CG but also in parting our experiences.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-in-illustration-4593342?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4593342" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 