---
title: "Kolej MDIS Malaysia Vacancies Part Time Lecturer (Information Technology)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-16 
excerpt: "Kolej MDIS Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Part Time Lecturer (Information Technology) which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kolej MDIS Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Part Time Lecturer (Information Technology)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>Teaching the courses provided by the School based on the approved curriculum</li><li>Preparing course plans, teaching materials, assignments, activities and any related assessments for students learning</li><li>Ensuring the course learning outcomes achieved.</li><li>Participating in School Curriculum Committee to develop new courses or to review current courses</li><li>Preparing course files or other related documents based on MQA requirements</li><li>Monitoring the assessment of students such as course works, project works and examinations and maintain up-to-date and accurate records of their progress and achievement.</li><li>Participating in program team activities and act as leader of a course when needed</li><li>Assisting the admission, enrolment, and induction of students</li><li>Evaluating students in the workplace during their industrial training</li><li>Contributing to the implementation of Quality Assurance Policy as part of the college quality framework</li><li>Providing ample periods for counseling and mentoring students in matters related to academic success, life goals, and spiritual development</li><li>Upholding academic integrity throughout the teaching and learning process</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidates must possess <strong>at least</strong> a Bachelor Degree in Multimedia or Computer Graphics or Computer Science (majoring in Computer Graphics/Multimedia)&#160;<strong>AND </strong>a Master Degree in Multimedia or Computer Graphics or Computer Science (majoring in Computer Graphics/Multimedia in order to be shortlisted for this of&#160;Part Time position (as per MQA's requirements)</li><li>Candidates are preferred to be able to teach during office hours for part time candidates</li><li>Required language(s): English, Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>Preferably Lecturers (tertiary) with teaching experience of 3 years</li><li>Team player but also able to work independently</li><li>Able to work or relocate to Educity, Iskandar Puteri, Johor</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Taking a step forward in realising its globalisation efforts, the Management Development Institute of Singapore (MDIS) inked a landmark deal with EduCity@Iskandar Sdn Bhd, making it the first private tertiary institution in Singapore to make its foray into Malaysia. This is MDIS&#8217; second overseas campus &#8211; the first being in Tashkent, Uzbekistan &#8211; and also marks the first major deal made by a Singaporean group in Iskandar&#8217;s special economic zone.</p><p>Held in September 2013, the MDIS Malaysia Campus Groundbreaking Ceremony was officiated by YAB Tan Sri Dato&#8217; Hj. Muhyiddin bin Hj. Mohd Yassin, Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia and Minister of Education. The project costs RM300 million and will be carried out in three phases and initially will allow the campus to open its doors to some 2,000 students, but the goal is to allow the campus to cater to over 10,000 students upon the completion of its third phase in 2023. In the meantime, the City Campus in Johor Bahru City Square will be in full operation.</p><p>Once fully operational, MDIS Malaysia will be equipped with state-of-the-art infrastructure such as campus-wide WiFi connectivity, fully-equipped computer laboratories, and dedicated lecture theatres. I</p><p>MDIS Malaysia will offer courses in Business, Tourism &amp; Hospitality, Mass Communication, Information Technology, and Digital Media. All of these courses have already received the Malaysian Qualifications Agency&#8217;s (MQA) approval and relevant course licenses.</p><p>With the addition of MDIS Malaysia, students from the MDIS campuses in Tashkent and Singapore will have the opportunity of a transnational education: something which, with the increasing globalization of economies worldwide, will only become more valuable as time goes by.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/part-time-lecturer-information-technology-4507958?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4507958" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 