---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan MY Talent Recruit Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Head of Academic" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-28 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan MY Talent Recruit Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Academic which positioned at Kuala Lumpur, Klang/Port Klang, Shah Alam/Subang" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Klang/Port Klang, Shah Alam/Subang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan MY Talent Recruit Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Academic</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Company Background</strong></div><div><strong>Our client is known to be the largest player in the education industry and has been established for over 20 years throughout Malaysia. They deliver&#160;</strong><strong>high quality and internationally-recognised English language programmes and offer the largest network of English language centres in Malaysia.</strong></div><div>Due to expansion and future growth planning, they are looking for suitably qualified candidate to fill their senior position.</div><div><strong>Main Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>You will report to the CEO and has 6 subordinates under your supervision.</li><li>Work along with operation and marketing department to increase the student intake for the company.</li><li>Assist with and/or supervise the development of all related curricular.</li><li>Develop and improve curricular to make the English learning process an interesting and exciting ones.</li><li>Monitor compliance requirements and working to ensure that learners receive the best outcomes, service and advice possible.</li><li>Develop, plan and present the spectrum of courses to clients.</li><li>Supervise Cambridge Assessment English (CAE) examination, where appropriate, administration and supervision.</li><li>Review and develop Placement Test materials.</li><li>Supervise teacher quality assessment periodically</li><li>Development of new curriculum/materials and liaison with existing/new publishers.</li><li>Implement processes and procedures for communications with parents/clients, including</li><li>progress reports, stock letters and arrangements for Parent/Teacher Meetings.</li><li>Management of quality assurance and professional development, staffing, team building and human resources management within the academic department.</li><li>Plan and supervise in-house staff professional development, including teacher monitoring and appraisal; staff, including orientation and training and general briefing on academic matters.</li><li>Maintain and develop procedures for quality control, especially teacher performance</li><li>and teaching materials.</li><li>Plan, organise and participate in training workshops, seminars etc. on academic matters.</li><li>Provide monthly reports for Management on academic matters.</li><li>Provide editorial service to all departments for outgoing correspondence, press releases/articles/advertisements, marketing material, website content, standard prepared responses.</li><li>Undertake any other assignments, duties, tasks and responsibilities which may arise&#160; from time to time as and when necessary.</li><li>To be involved in other ad-hoc projects as and when assigned by the Company</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Masters Degree or PhD in any field of study. Those who major in English education would have added advantage</li><li>At least 10 year(s) of working experience in the related field, e.g. education industry, is required for this position.</li><li>Must have extensive teaching/training/public speaking experience</li><li>Well spoken and written in English</li><li><strong>Malaysians or expats are welcome to apply</strong></li></ul><div>This is a 5-day work week. Candidate will be working in their office in Shah Alam / Klang, Selangor</div><div>Interested candidates are required to apply online or email your resume in Words document to&#160;<strong>richard@mytalentrecruit.com</strong>. Only shortlisted candidate would be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>MY Talent Recruit (</strong><strong>&#8203;JTKSM978)</strong><strong>&#160;</strong>is an executive search and staffing agency with the office located in the capital city of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. We strive to support our clients to achieve continued success by delivering the best talent in the market. We also aspire to create significant impact in our communities that bring life changing experience by helping people in achieving their purpose and career goal. For further information, please visit <strong>www.mytalentrecruit.com</strong>.</div>
<div>
<br>
	Our business model focuses on providing permanent placement services from non-executive level to senior management level across various industries and job specialization such as Corporate Strategy/ Top Management, Finance &amp; Accounting, Sales &amp; Marketing, Retail, Manufacturing, Customer Service, HR &amp; Admin, Banking and Engineering.</div>
<div>
	For any enquiry about our services, please email to <strong>enquiry@mytalentrecruit.com.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur, Klang/Port Klang, Shah Alam/Subang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-academic-4577967?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4577967" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 