---
title: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Vice Principal" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-05 
excerpt: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Vice Principal which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Vice Principal</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We are looking to hire a highly experienced Vice Principal to join our Beaconhouse Family!</strong></p><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Desired Qualification - Masters in Education, Leadership, Management/or any other relevant field.</li><li>7-10 years of overall experience, of which at least 3 years as a teacher practitioner and at least 4 years in Education management</li><li>Complete knowledge of CIE standards in senior school</li><li>Knowledge of Academic practices &amp; Procedural Manual (APPM) and School Operations Manual (SOM) or SOPs as may be in operation at the time.</li><li>Knowledge of child learning methodologies, curriculum development and implementation.</li><li>School improvement practices and staff development techniques</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><p><strong>Business Development and Community Relations</strong></p><ul><li>Increase admission rate through promotional and marketing initiatives.</li><li>Monitor industry trends to enable effective benchmarking and learning from industry best practices.&#160;</li><li>Ensure development of up to date and accurate business intelligence on competitors and operating environment.&#160;</li><li>Build and maintain contacts with current and prospective customers. &#8226; Identify and evaluate opportunities and focus on areas which could benefit the Company in the long run.&#160;</li><li>Actively participate and encourage staff participation in parent-teacher and other community groups, as a means of developing understanding, cooperation, and respect for school objectives and endeavors.&#160;</li><li>Liaise with internal and external stakeholders and entities to ensure smooth running of the school.&#160;</li><li>Accept corporate responsibility for decisions made and ensure that those decisions are implemented.</li></ul><p><strong>Academic Management</strong></p><ul><li>Relate the educational objectives of the school to instructional practices that yield the highest standards of student learning outcomes.&#160;</li><li>Implementation and monitoring of the school&#8217;s learning policy.&#160;</li><li>Develop new academic and interscholastic programmes and track data related to the success of such programmes.&#160;</li><li>Recognise and seek alternative learning solutions for students with behavioural or learning complications.&#160;</li><li>Work in close coordination with the academic team at RO to ensure that the school is meeting the required educational standards.&#160;</li><li>Coordinate with the school academic team to prepare for Regulator Evaluations/Regional Evaluation Team</li><li>Oversee the procedure for the production of Schemes of Work and monitor the working standards of the academic team.&#160;</li><li>Evaluate effectiveness of the curricula to provide feedback to the Academic Manager at RO.&#160;</li><li>Where applicable, ensure coordination with CIE for the processing of annual O and A level results and remain available on result days/or local authorities, only as applicable.</li><li>Continually evaluate existing programmes and practices, curriculum content and piloting of experimental programmes.</li></ul><p><strong>Operations Management&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Act as the administrative head of the school to ensure timely dissemination of information to all concerned people/channels and ensure smooth running of school.&#160;</li><li>Determine annual staffing requirements necessary and liaise with HR (HO) for the timely fulfilment of the same.&#160;</li><li>Ensure the effective administration of school examinations.&#160;</li><li>Evaluate periodically and ensure the school&#8217;s adherence to health, safety and civil codes.&#160;</li><li>Ensure repair and maintenance of school&#8217;s infrastructure.&#160;</li><li>Take steps to enhance the collection of books in the library books and improve fixtures.</li></ul><p><strong>Team Management</strong></p><ul><li>Interview, train, coach and develop all staff members from custodians to teachers.&#160;</li><li>Ensure the provision of orientation to new teaching staff and provide them with opportunities for giving input in academic programmes.&#160;</li><li>Professional development of staff including, but not limited to, supervision and performance appraisal of school staff.&#160;</li><li>Identify and groom staff for administration and future responsibilities<strong>.&#160;</strong>Identify learning and training needs of employees and ensure that&#160;the relevant professional development activities are organised and participated in accordingly.</li><li>Ensuring the proper staff rationalization for the school together with appropriate workload distribution for all staff members.</li></ul><p><strong>School Development Plan SDP</strong></p><ul><li>Collaborate with the Section Heads for conducting a SWOT analysis for the school.&#160;</li><li>In conjunction with the Section Heads, Academic Head and Academic team at RO and Regional Director, prepare a School Development Plan (SDP) and ensure its effective implementation.</li></ul><p><strong>Candidates who are interested are welcomed to e-mail us your most updated Resume and Cover Letter to our recruitment mail box indicated in our Beaconhouse Malaysia careers page.</strong></p><ul><li>Indicate your availability to start</li><li>Current and expected salary.</li></ul><p><strong>Thank you and we look forward to working with you!</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Beaconhouse Group is considered to be the largest school system of its kind, operating schools in eight countries for over forty three years.</p><p>Beaconhouse Malaysia currently owns and operates twelve schools within the Klang Valley, eight of which are Pre-schools, two Private Primary and Secondary Schools which offer the National Curriculum and two International Schools, offering Cambridge IGCSE Programmes.</p><p>At Beaconhouse we empower and inspire students to reach for excellence and to become independent global learners.We provide a solid foundation from Pre-school to Senior School allowing children to harness their individual character and talent in the pursuit of educational success.</p><p>Our core focus is to deliver high-quality academic programs that enable students to achieve their intellectual potential, develop confidence and lifelong-learning skills to improve their prospects beyond school.&#160;</p><p>With high standards that demand up-to-date teaching skills and a range of challenging programmes, Beaconhouse School System brings success within the reach of every student. As part of our expansion plans, we seek dedicated individuals to join us in the following positions:</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/vice-principal-4498344?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4498344" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 