---
title: "Maica Laminates Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior IMS Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: "Maica Laminates Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior IMS Executive which positioned at Kulim" 
tags: [Kulim] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Maica Laminates Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior IMS Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>OVERALL SCOPE OF WORK</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for developing, implementing, monitoring &amp; reviewing Quality, Environmental, Occupational Health and Safety (QEHS) Management System to ensure system performance, legal and regulatory compliance.</li><li>Control, maintain and manage Quality, Environmental, Occupational Health and Safety (QEHS) Management System Documentation by ISO 9001, 14001, 45001 requirements.</li><li><span>Responsible for ensuring QEHS policies, objectives and targets are set to enforce company policy, disseminated to promote staff awareness and results are monitored periodically.</span></li><li><span>Planning, leading and conducting internal audits, gap analysis, root cause identification and recommend corrective actions to ensure continuity &amp; effectiveness of Maica QEHS Management System in accordance with ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001.</span></li><li><span>Coordinate external ISO audits and maintain ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO45001 Certification.</span></li></ul><p><strong>DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><p><strong>Quality Management System (QMS)</strong></p><ul><li>Monitor the effectiveness of Implementation of ISO 9001 Quality Management System.</li><li>Regulate, control and improve the quality of all processes throughout the business and the final product.</li></ul><p><strong>ISO 14001 and 45001 Implementation and Integration with ISO 9001</strong></p><ul><li>Partner with Environment, Safety and Health (ESH) officer to develop and integrate Environment, Safety and Health (ESH) Management System into current Maica Quality Management System (QMS).</li><li>Drive and guide internal teams in setting up processes and documentations required by ISO 14001 and 45001 standards.</li><li>Setup ESH Internal Audit Program and carry out internal audit prior to ISO 14001 and 45001 certification audits.</li><li>Integrate ESH into existing Internal Audit Program and Management Review Meeting.</li></ul><p><strong>ISO Document Management and Control</strong></p><ul><li>Manage and control the access, update and distribution of ISO controlled documentations to ensure they are available, up to date and adequately protected.</li><li>Manage and retain all required documented information as part of evidence of activities performed such as internal audits, management review meeting etc.</li><li>Conduct internal audits to ensure effectiveness of Document and Control System.</li></ul><p><strong>Regular Internal Audits Program</strong></p><ul><li>Develop and implement regular internal audits program to audit on 5S, process and documentations adherence, and QESH compliances.</li><li>Schedule and carry out planned internal audits.</li><li>Record and retain documented internal audits result and findings.</li><li><span>Assign and monitor all internal audits CAR (Corrective Actions Report) completion status.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Bi-Yearly ISO Internal Quality Audits</strong></p><ul><li>Assumed the role of <strong>IQA (Internal Quality Audit) Lead Auditor</strong> to lead the IQA team for timely audit to ensure the Company&#8217;s IMS is fully comply with ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 Standard.</li><li>Develop, plan and carry out bi-yearly Internal Quality Audits program.</li><li>Capture all internal audit findings and summarize in IQA report to review with all department HOD.</li><li>Capture and assign corrective actions to respective department owners with a defined target due.&#160;Follow up with respective owners on corrective actions implementation to complete as per target due.</li></ul><p><strong>Bi-Yearly Management Review Meeting</strong></p><ul><li>Carry out Bi-Yearly Management Review Meeting by compiling and reviewing departmental Business Planning/Performance report.</li><li>Review status of actions from previous management reviews.</li><li>Capture and follow up on status of nonconformities and corrective actions.</li><li>Document and retain documented information as evidence of Management Reviews.</li></ul><p><strong>Yearly ISO External Audits</strong></p><ul><li><span>Plan and schedule yearly surveillance/re-certification audit with external auditors to maintain ISO certifications renewal.</span></li><li><span>Coordinate with internal teams for external audits readiness preparation.&#160;Ensure processes and documentations are in compliant with ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 requirements.</span></li><li><span>Host and coordinate external audits activities between external auditors and internal teams.</span></li><li><span>Review external audits result and findings with internal teams.</span></li><li><span>Assign and follow up CAR (Corrective Actions Report) completion status.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Yearly Other Certifications Audits Support</strong></p><ul><li><span>Support audit activities for re-certification of GreenLabel, GreenGuard, FSC etc.</span></li><li><span>Assist in briefing through and answering auditor questions on documentation management system.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Regular New Employee Induction Training</strong></p><ul><li><span>Conduct induction training to new employee on Maica QEHS policy and management system.</span></li><li><span>Continuously review and update New Employee Induction Training Material as needed.</span></li><li>Ad-hoc assignments by Superior from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENT</strong></p><ul><li><span>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor&#8217;s degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Engineering or equivalent.</span></li><li><span>Knowledgeable and well verse in ISO9001, ISO14001, ISO45001 Requirements.</span></li><li><span>3 to 5 years working experience in ISO 9001 Quality Management System and Document Control.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Experience in ISO14001 and ISO45001 management system will be an added advantage.</span></li><li><span>Preferably certified lead auditor for ISO 9001/ISO 14001/ISO 45001.</span></li><li><span>Experience in leading and managing internal audits team in conducting internal audit program and continual improvement activities.</span></li><li><span>Strong written and documentation skill.</span></li><li><span>Detail oriented, self-motivated and able to work independently.</span></li><li><span>Possess good communication, interpersonal and problem-solving skill.</span></li><li><span>Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel, Word, PowerPoint.</span></li></ul><p><strong>&#8220;The above scope of work, duties and responsibilities reflects the items considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job identified and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that maybe inherent in the job.&#8221;</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Maica provides manufacturing support for high pressure decorative laminates and compact laminates. We are highly supportive of our customer. We select the finest raw materials, coupling them with our R&amp;D technology and manufacture our laminates according to EN438. Our customers can be sure of Maica&#8217;s 1 Brand 1 Quality products worldwide.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kulim. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-ims-executive-4527124?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4527124" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 