---
title: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Centre Manager (English Language Centre)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-03 
excerpt: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Centre Manager (English Language Centre) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Centre Manager (English Language Centre)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We are currently looking for a Centre Manager (English Language Centre) to join our Beacohouse family!</strong></p><p>The Centre Manager Coordinates center activities and functions of a designated Beaconhouse Language Center project independently to ensure that goals and objectives specified for the center are accomplished in accordance with priorities, time, funding or other specifications.</p><p>Overall responsibility for the centre&#8217;s projects, including a large fiscal responsibility and publicity of the learning centre&#8217;s activities, staff selection, supervision. Oversees the curriculum, lesson planning, quality of learning with the desired outcome.&#160;</p><p><strong>Job Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor's degree Education Leadership / Management / Language. (TEFL, TESOL, TESL, CELTA, &amp; DELTA).</li><li>5 - 7 centre manager / project experience, including at least 3 years of supervisory experience in a similar role in education.</li><li>English (Fluent), Bahasa Malaysia (Intermediate), Mandarin (Optional / Intermediate)</li></ul><p><strong>&#160;Job Requirement</strong></p><ul><li>Supervises the activities of all staff in the language centre.</li><li>Oversees daily centre operations and coordinates centre activities through assigned staff; prioritizes and delegates work activities.</li><li>Prepares and monitors the expenditures in accordance with budget allocations; recommends equipment and resources for the centre.</li><li>Prepares periodic reports, financial statements and records on centre projects; progress, teachers, students or other special reports for management or outside agencies.</li><li>Designs, develops and recommends new language programs, projects and activities relating to the students&#8217; education in accordance with the centre&#8217;s goals, objectives and funding.</li><li>Evaluates centre activities for effectiveness to develop improved learning methods and implements; analyses result and recommends appropriate action for improvement.</li><li>Confers with and advises staff, students and others to provide advice, problem solving assistance, answers to questions and centre goals; refers to appropriate department or person when unable to respond.</li><li>Serves as the language centre&#8217;s representative by responding to and resolving emergency situations.</li><li>Provides information to staff and other organizations regarding the language centre&#8217;s projects; maintains contact via telephone or written correspondence.</li><li>Selects and recruits the staff and draws in the students to the language centre.</li><li>Represents centre in public relations/liaison capacity on matters relating to the language centre.</li><li>Any other task or project as assigned by the Management from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>Candidates who are interested, please send your most updated Resume and Cover Letter to our recruitment mail box indicated in our Beaconhouse Malaysia careers page.</strong></p><ul><li>Indicate your availability to start</li><li>Current and expected salary.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Beaconhouse Group is considered to be the largest school system of its kind, operating schools in eight countries for over forty three years.</p><p>Beaconhouse Malaysia currently owns and operates twelve schools within the Klang Valley, eight of which are Pre-schools, two Private Primary and Secondary Schools which offer the National Curriculum and two International Schools, offering Cambridge IGCSE Programmes.</p><p>At Beaconhouse we empower and inspire students to reach for excellence and to become independent global learners.We provide a solid foundation from Pre-school to Senior School allowing children to harness their individual character and talent in the pursuit of educational success.</p><p>Our core focus is to deliver high-quality academic programs that enable students to achieve their intellectual potential, develop confidence and lifelong-learning skills to improve their prospects beyond school.&#160;</p><p>With high standards that demand up-to-date teaching skills and a range of challenging programmes, Beaconhouse School System brings success within the reach of every student. As part of our expansion plans, we seek dedicated individuals to join us in the following positions:</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/centre-manager-english-language-centre-4581693?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4581693" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 