---
title: "Sunway Education Group Vacancies Assistant Manager/ Senior Executive - Training & Development" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-13 
excerpt: "Sunway Education Group is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Manager/ Senior Executive - Training & Development which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sunway Education Group is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Manager/ Senior Executive - Training & Development</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Roles and Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Talent Management &amp; Succession Planning<ul><li>Support in driving and executing key processes in talent development and succession management i.e. reviews, documentation, communication strategies.</li><li>Assist in research, design and develop learning interventions to ensure leadership bench strength in the Sunway Education Group.</li><li>Manage talent assessment with the leaders to identify readiness, gaps, learning plans and retention risks.</li></ul></li><li>Organizational Development<ul><li>Assist in delivery of organisational development initiatives including cultural reinforcement and change initiatives.</li><li>Support departments and teams to develop a change management plan to ensure successful implementation of a significant change for the organization or teams.</li><li>Assist in providing organizational assessments by applying tools such as interviews, focus groups, surveys, and assessments to identify and address key issues and opportunities for improving teams or departments&#8217; effectiveness and relationship.</li><li>Design and develop e-learning contents to drive digitalisation of learning in Sunway Education Group.&#160;&#160;&#160;</li></ul></li><li>Employee Engagement<ul><li>Assist in administering the Employee Engagement survey and follow-up action plans. Work with the Manager to propose initiatives to improve the Employee Engagement scores.</li></ul></li><li>Performance Planning<ul><li>Conduct the necessary Performance Management Trainings for the employees.</li></ul></li></ul><div><strong>Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Degree/ Diploma in Human Resource Management, Industrial-Organizational Psychology or other related discipline.</li><li>Working experience:<ul><li>For Senior Executive position, minimum 5 years relevant experience in Human Resources management with at least 3 years in organization development / talent management role;</li><li>For Assistant Manager position, minimum 5 years experience in organisational development/ talent management role.</li></ul></li><li>Knowledge of talent management frameworks (e.g. integrated leadership development, talent progression and career framework, succession planning and development, project-based short- and long-term assignments, mentoring programmes, internship programmes)</li><li>Knowledge of e-learning development tools is a major advantage.</li><li>Excellent people skills, organizing and planning skills and presentation skills.</li><li>Identifies opportunities, new ideas and drives execution for improvement and growth.</li><li>Demonstrates patience and listens attentively to others&#8217; opinions and suggestions.</li><li>Uses multiple communication strategies and methodologies to promote dialogue, create understanding and gain buy in from stakeholders.</li></ul><div>We thank all applicants for expressing their interest in this vacancy. Please note that only shortlisted applicants will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		The Sunway Education Group is one of Malaysia&#8217;s premier Group of Education and training institutions providing high standards of quality education. The Group consists of first rate universities, colleges, a professional accounting qualification provider, an international school, a world renowned institute of culinary arts and a training centre offering postgraduate, undergraduate, pre-university, diploma, Canadian secondary school curriculum, professional and other training programmes. The Sunway Education Group is endowed under the Jeffrey Cheah Foundation, a non-profit organisation.</div>
<div>
		We are now seeking expressions of interest and applications from suitably qualified, dynamic and self-driven candidates who can effectively contribute to the advancement of our tradition of excellence</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-manager-senior-executive-training-development-4462001?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4462001&sectionRank=10&token=0~1286345f-ce77-4493-971c-02948ef8c4e5&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 