---
title: "Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) Vacancies Senior Executive, Assessment" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-06 
excerpt: "Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Executive, Assessment which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Executive, Assessment</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job purpose</strong></p><p>This is a Senior Executive position primarily responsible for the development of the Institute&#8217;s examinations in accordance to the exam blueprints and AICB&#8217;s quality assurance processes.</p><p><strong>Job Accountabilities</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible in overseeing the development of exams based on portfolio of qualifications assigned by the Senior Manager and / Director. The work entails ensuring the exams go through the rigour of AICB&#8217;s quality assurance processes and policies.</li></ul><ul><li>Producing the examinations for each qualification assigned and ensuring the following tasks are completed:</li></ul><ol><li>Appointment of setters and reviewers/moderators from the respective Examination Committees based on their subject expertise</li><li>Create new Blueprint/table of Specifications for new qualification, analyse and revise existing examination Blueprint/Table of Specifications to ensure its accuracy and relevancy to the current examination platform/mode.</li><li>Create new and maintain question bank for qualifications and certifications of the Institute assigned to the post holder by the Senior Manager and / Director.</li><li>Ensure that examinations are set in accordance to the exam blueprints/table of specifications and to continually ensure the reliability and validity of all our assessment tools/instruments.</li><li>Organise review meetings and the sign-off of the papers by the examiners in accordance to the Division&#8217;s standard operating procedures as and when it is required.</li><li>Work with the examiners to ensure that all examination items meet optimum face validity, structural validity and content validity standards.</li><li>Maintain Question Bank to ensure its currency and relevancy.</li></ol><ul><li>Produce the student result reports for the Examination Committees, Board of Examiners, Education Committee and Council meetings as and when it is required.</li></ul><ul><li>Manage and act as a main liaison with Members of the Examination Committee (setters, markers, moderators and verifiers) for the portfolio of qualifications assigned. This includes the recruitment, appointment, remuneration and as well as managing their training needs.</li><li>Involve in annual budget exercise.</li><li>Develop Practice Exam as and when it is required.</li><li>Manage the accuracy in database management around student performance in support of subsequent analysis by Management.</li></ul><p><strong>Candidates Personality Profile&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Above 3 years of experience.</li><li>Prefer to have experience in assessment, knowledge in learning taxonomy and online exam.</li><li>Ability to analyse quantitative and qualitative data and prepare and present reports effectively.</li><li>Meticulous and has an eye for details.</li><li>Good organisational, time management, communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Good English writing skills.</li><li>Result driven. &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>Good attitude and a team player.</li><li>Ability to unlearn and re-learn.</li></ul><p><strong>Competency and Academic Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Degree/Diploma.</li><li>Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office packages.&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) or formerly known as Institut Bank-Bank Malaysia (IBBM) has the professional body for the banking and financial services industry has embarked on a journey of transformation that aims to re-align our value proposition and services to meet industry demands and to ensure our role in providing world class education and learning delivery and services. In our pursuit to be the leading institute central to these goals, we invite talented individuals to join us as we innovate and introduce changes that will reshape the banking education landscape through partnerships and collaborations with key partners/stakeholders. You will be given the opportunity to exercise your leadership, create a difference and play a pivotal role in helping to shape the Institute's strategic agenda. You will need to be hungry for success, achievement-driven, focused and communicate well - both written and spoken. The position offer excellent career opportunities and rewards.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-executive-assessment-4527153?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4527153" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 