---
title: "AEON Co. (M) Bhd. Vacancies Child Care Centre Principal / Deputy Principal" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "AEON Co. (M) Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Child Care Centre Principal / Deputy Principal which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AEON Co. (M) Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Child Care Centre Principal / Deputy Principal</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Human Resource Management in Early Childhood Education or equivalent.</li><li>Required skill(s): minimum 3 to 5 years&#8217; experience as an early childhood educator or equivalent, patient personality and have effective communication skills, good time management and organisational skills, able to develop and maintain productive professional relationships with team m, Ability to work independently.</li><li>Attended and passed the PERMATA Child Care Course / Kursus Asuhan PERMATA (KAP) that is recognised by the Social Welfare Dept / Jabatan Kebajikan Masyarakat.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in&#160; Bandar Puchong Jaya, Puchong.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul><div><strong>Areas of Responsibility</strong></div><div><div><strong>&#8226; </strong>Child-Centred Curriculum Planning;<br>&#8226; Manage all childcare centre&#8217;s tools and resources effectively;<br>&#8226; Keep and maintain the relevant records for the childcare centre;<br>&#8226; Develop and maintain a fiscal business plan (budgeting, costing, profit and loss) that reflects the childcare centre&#8217;s mission</div><div>&#160; and philosophy;</div><div>&#8226; Understand and use a variety of tools to record and communicate critical child information;<br>&#8226; Ensuring the childcare centre fulfils the minimum standards set by the Social Welfare Department (JKM);<br>&#8226; Ensuring the childcare centre fulfils the requirements set by the technical agencies as follows:-<br>&#61656; Local Council (Pihak Berkuasa Tempatan)<br>&#61656; Fire and Rescue Department of Malaysia (Jabatan Bomba dan Penyelamat Malaysia)<br>&#61656; Health Department (Jabatan Kesihatan Negeri)<br>&#8226; Recruits, screens, trains, supervises, and evaluates staff and ensure that all child minders attended and graduated KAP or</div><div>&#160; graduated KAP within 12 months of working period;<br>&#8226; Manage and showcase a balanced menu and a schedule of the daily activities according to the children&#8217;s age (by creating</div><div>&#160; a developmentally appropriate learning environment, planning experiences to promote nutrition and healthy eating</div><div>&#160; practices);<br>&#8226; Provides suitable and safe equipment and furniture for the children;<br>&#8226; Maintains a safe and hygienic environment;<br>&#8226; Develop and maintain positive communication with families;<br>&#8226; Collaborates with children&#8217;s families in their child&#8217;s learning, development, and well-being;<br>&#8226; Implements principles of teamwork in interactions with peers, support staff, volunteers, supervisors, and other</div><div>&#160; professionals.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	It all started in 1984, when <strong>AEON CO. (M) BHD.</strong> was established in Malaysia, in response to the Malaysian Government's request to AEON Japan to help modernize retail industry in Malaysia.&#160; With the relentless pursuit to evolve with the growing needs and requirements of its customers, AEON has constantly enhanced its service through value-added benefits and interior refurbishments.&#160; AEON's progress in Malaysia over the years has been a glowing achievement of commitment and has enabled AEON Malaysia to be selected as the regional hub for AEON's expansion in ASEAN.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/child-care-centre-principal-deputy-principal-4567561?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4567561" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 