---
title: "Fuzhou Jiete Education Vacancies Lecturer in Electronic Engineering / Computer Science" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-08 
excerpt: "Fuzhou Jiete Education is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer in Electronic Engineering / Computer Science which positioned at " 
tags: [] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Fuzhou Jiete Education is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer in Electronic Engineering / Computer Science</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>Maynooth International Engineering College (MIEC), in partnership with Fuzhou University, is seeking excellent candidates to teach in our electronic engineering programmes. These programmes are taught through English in Fuzhou University, Fujian, China. The person appointed will be working as part of an international team with a mission to enhance the international academic experience of MIEC students and to deliver research-informed teaching. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to visit Maynooth University in Ireland to facilitate learning development and research collaborations.&#160;&#160;</span></p><p><strong>Academic Requirements:</strong></p><p><span>Candidate must hold a PhD in electronic engineering or a cognate discipline. </span><strong>EE Applicants</strong><span> with a background in the area of control systems, embedded systems, telecommunications, or signal processing, are especially encouraged to apply. / </span><strong>CS Applicants</strong><span> with a background in either software engineering, computer systems, formal methods, computer vision, databases, digital humanities, artificial intelligence/machine learning, theoretical computer science, Java programming, logic, compilers, and programming language semantics are especially encouraged to apply. Experience of undergraduate project supervision will be an advantage.&#160;The successful candidate will contribute to the development and delivery of the Maynooth University academic curriculum within a European pedagogical approach to the MIEC. The successful candidate should have at least 2 years of university teaching experience and a strong research record.</span></p><p><strong>Candidates should:</strong></p><p><span>A.&#160;have a PhD and/or teaching experience from a European, American, Canadian or Australian university;</span></p><p><span>B.&#160;be eligible for a China visa. Preference will be given to those currently based in China;</span></p><p><span>C.&#160;be available for start in August 2021;</span></p><p><span>D.&#160;have an excellent command of spoken and written English;</span></p><p><span>E.&#160;be willing to work in Fuzhou, Fujian, China;</span></p><p><span>F.&#160;have good interpersonal and teamworking skills.</span></p><p>This position is full-time for up to 3 years, with the option for extension.&#160;</p><p>For further information, please refer to: http://miec.fzu.edu.cn/</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Fuzhou university is the national "211 project" key construction of colleges and universities,which is promoted by the people's government of fujian province and the national ministry of education to build colleges and universities. Founded in 1958, it has become a key university with the combination of science and technology, science, engineering, and pipe, literature, law, art and other multidisciplinary coordinated development.</div>
<div>The mian &#160;new regional Qishan campus is located in fuzhou region, the existing public housing a total area of more than 116 square meters, sports venue more than 20 thousands square meters. Total cost of the fixed assets 2.9 billion yuan, of which the instruments and equipment for teaching and scientific research value of more than 900 million yuan. Library of some 3.1 million books, number 80000 b (GB), 18000 (GB) of electronic books. Belongs to the network center is China's education and research computer network in fuzhou and the master node.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in . <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-in-electronic-engineering-computer-science-4529231?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4529231" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 