---
title: "Universiti Tun Abdul Razak Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Registrar / Head of Academics" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "Universiti Tun Abdul Razak Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Registrar / Head of Academics which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Universiti Tun Abdul Razak Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Registrar / Head of Academics</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>&#183; Management of staff and operations of the Office of the Registrar</p><p>&#183; To monitor and ensure all academic programmes are well-executed and satisfy the standards set by MOHE and MQA.</p><p>&#183; Be responsible for assurance of accuracy, integrity and academic quality and standards &#8211; including external examining, programme approval, review and quality assessment &#8211; are appropriate and effective, supporting Schools in delivering excellent education and providing the necessary information to enable the Vice-Chancellor and the Board of Governors to fulfil their responsibilities relating to quality and standards</p><p>&#183; Oversee the operation of academic governance and committees and maintain the appropriate operational, policy and support frameworks (for students, staff and other key stakeholders) on which the University&#8217;s operation and future development is built.</p><p>&#183; Represent the University externally and internally in line with the seniority of the role and the needs of the University.</p><p>&#183; Establishes and implements short- and long-range department goals, objectives, policies, and operating procedures; monitors and evaluates program effectiveness; effects changes required for improvement.</p><p>&#183; Recommends and participates in the development of university policies and procedures; may serve on university planning and policy-making committees.</p><p>&#183; Recommends and participates in the development and implementation of university policies and procedures regarding student registration, records, class schedules, identification cards, and graduation requirements.</p><p>. Must keep abreast of operational and reporting trends, regulations, and technology solutions for improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the Registrar's office;</p><p>. To manage academic calendar and examination semester timeline within before semester start.</p><p>&#183; Take responsibility for on-going personal and professional development in line with the University&#8217;s needs and that of the role</p><p>&#183; Plans and manages the annual budget of the Registrar&#8217;s Office</p><p>&#183; In addition to the above areas of responsibility the post-holder may be required to undertake any other reasonable duties in line with the needs of the University and the seniority of the role.&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>. Serves on appropriate Academic and University Committees i.e SENATE, BOARD OF GOVERNANCE.</p><p>.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Established in 1997 UNIRAZAK was one of the first private universities in Malaysia. Named after Malaysia's Second Prime Minister, Tun Abdul Razak bin Hussein Al-Haj, UNIRAZAK is dedicated to being at the forefront in innovative teaching and research. It is marking itself out as a leading tertiary institution in providing quality education and graduating work ready enterprising business leaders. UNIRAZAK is unique with a focus on building human capital in high value specialist areas in the transforming economy. If you are a dedicated qualified professional seeking to help nurture Malaysia's entrepreneurial leaders of tomorrow, come and join us.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/registrar-head-of-academics-4597995?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4597995" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 