---
title: "SBZ PRIMA SDN BHD Vacancies Pengurus Operasi TudungSiComel" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-14 
excerpt: "SBZ PRIMA SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Pengurus Operasi TudungSiComel which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SBZ PRIMA SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Pengurus Operasi TudungSiComel</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>TudungSiComel.com is a company that focusing on supplying kids hijabs, school hijab and others that related to kids apparel via online. Established on 2013 and now focusing on growing and expanding the business to approach bigger market in Malaysia and also overseas.&#160;</p><p>Looking for a Manager to manage/supervice the packaging and delivering teams and also the customer support team to ensure the customers receive their orders accordingly(with smile).</p><p><strong>Responsibility</strong></p><p>You will play an important role in:</p><ul><li>Managing and supervice the 'packaging and order delivering teams' on doing their task daily according to the SOP`s.</li><li>Monitor and ensure the 'Customer Support(CS) teams' doing their task as per the SOP`s.</li><li>Ensure the customers receive their orders accordingly(with smile).</li><li>Manage the stock availability and dealing with the material suplier and tailors.</li><li>Ensure all the teams member meet the KPI`s given daily and monthly.</li><li>Ensure all the customers whether online or offline happy with their orders.&#160;</li><li>Ensure all the customers being treated with great customer support.</li><li>Manage stock on the website so that it tally with the current stock in the warehouse.</li><li>Planning of the manpower to maximize the efficiency</li><li>Maintain an accurate and complete record keeping system.</li><li>Generate reports to review operations and support the day to day business operations.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement</strong></p><p>To succeed in this role, we will need you to:</p><ul><li>Have the experience on managing and supervice teams(10-20 people).</li><li>Good in motivate the team members to ensure they working with strong motivation everyday.</li><li>Strong Leadership.</li><li>Good personal appearance.</li><li>Able to handle customer with smile.</li><li>Firm and able to take disciplinary action if the team member not doing the task accordingly.</li><li>Must have basic IT knowledge to manage and monitor the stock in the website and product listing.</li><li>Must have own transport and licence in order to visit the material supplier and tailoring house(within KL/Sel).</li><li>Have strong faith and pray 5 times daily(it`s a must and no tolerance).</li></ul><p><strong>Rewards</strong></p><p>How will this career opportunity benefit you?</p><ul><li>A conducive environment to work and grow.</li><li>Constant challenges and opportunity to prove yourself.</li><li>Ability to grow with the company growth.</li><li>Company will sponsor for seminars/class that believe to bring benefit for your personal growth.</li></ul><p><strong>Other benefits offered:</strong></p><ul><li>Allowances</li><li>KWPS</li><li>SOCSO</li><li>SIP</li><li>Bonus&#160;</li><li>Rewards</li></ul><p>Are you ready to make that career shift &amp; grow a great portfolio with us? Click the &#8216;Apply Now&#8217; button and we will get in touch with you soon.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>TudungSiComel.com&#160;berhasrat untuk&#160;memudahkan&#160;ibu-ibu&#160;bagi mendapatkan tudung kanak-kanak&#160;berkualiti&#160;yang memenuhi ciri-ciri&#160;MUDAH, LEMBUT &amp; SELESA.</p><p>&#8220;Misi kita adalah untuk membudayakan budaya bertudung seawal usia. Kita percaya; melentur buluh biarlah dari rebungnya&#8220;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pengurus-operasi-tudungsicomel-4504670?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4504670" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 