---
title: "SEGi University Vacancies Lecturer/Senior Lecturer -Faculty of Buss, Mgt, Communication & Hospitality Mgt)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-09 
excerpt: "SEGi University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer/Senior Lecturer -Faculty of Buss, Mgt, Communication & Hospitality Mgt) which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SEGi University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer/Senior Lecturer -Faculty of Buss, Mgt, Communication & Hospitality Mgt)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Areas of Specialization:</strong></div><div><strong>1.&#160; &#160; &#160;Mass Communication</strong></div><div>2.&#160;&#160;&#160; Creative Design / Arts</div><div>3.&#160; &#160; Program Leader</div><div>4.&#160; &#160; Accoounting and Finance</div><div>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Marketing/ Business Management / Strategic Management / Entrepreneurship</div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Master Degree in Mass Communication specialising in Corporate Communication / Broadcasting / Public Relations / Advertising or in the relevant field</li><li>Preferably with 2 years of teaching experience.</li><li>Good presentation skills with strong command in written and spoken English</li><li>Master Degree in Digital Design/ Media Design / Photography or in the relevant field&#160;</li><li>Preferably with 2 years of teaching experience.</li><li>Good presentation skills with strong command in written and spoken English</li><li>Master Degree in Mass Communication</li><li>Preferably with 2 years&#8217; experience in programme management and teaching.</li><li>Good presentation skills with strong command in written and spoken English</li><li>Master Degree in Accounting or in the relevant field or</li><li>ACCA or CIMA or CPA qualified</li><li>Preferably with 2 years of teaching experience</li><li>Good presentation skills with strong command in written and spoken English</li><li>Master Degree in Business Administration or in the relevant field</li><li>Preferably with 2 years of teaching experience.</li><li>Able to supervise final year undergraduate projects / dissertation&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>To review, update and develop lesson plans, scheme of work, lectures/ practical, tutorials, assignments, class discussion in compliance with the syllabus.</li><li>To conduct lectures, tutorials, discussion to facilitate teaching and learning.</li><li>To supervise final year project/dissertation.</li><li>To monitor and report student progress in term of academic performance and attendance.</li><li>To set and mark the assessments.</li><li>To provide academic counselling and pastoral care to all students.</li><li>To involve in research activity.</li></ul><strong>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#160;</strong></div><div><div>With 4 decades of maturity, we&#8217;ve now carved our brand promise that is <strong>&#8216;The Best in You, Made Possible&#8217;</strong>. Are you ready to embark on this journey to make a difference together? Write in to:</div><div><strong>SEGi University&amp; Colleges<br>Group Human Resources Management&#160;</strong><br>6th Floor, SEGi University<br>No. 9, Jalan Teknologi, Taman Sains Selangor<br>Kota Damansara, PJU 5<br>47810 Petaling Jaya, Selangor</div><div><strong>Website: www.segi.edu.my</strong><br>&#160;</div></div><div>Only shortlisted candidates will be notified</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		As a leading education institution, we are guided by clear values for the achievement of organisational objectives to provide quality education through professional and efficient services. We emphasize the creation of a knowledge-based workforce by producing graduates who possess prestigious academic qualifications, skills competency and confidence.</div>
<div>
		In line with our expansion plans, SEGi University would like to invite suitably passionate and committed candidates to join our workforce:</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-senior-lecturer-faculty-of-buss-mgt-communication-hospitality-mgt-4456798?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4456798&sectionRank=29&token=0~7b60a29f-16fd-4139-bdd5-52a9b101e9a8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 