---
title: "Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Manager, Professional and Organisational Development" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-18 
excerpt: "Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, Professional and Organisational Development which positioned at Putrajaya" 
tags: [Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, Professional and Organisational Development</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Description</strong></div><div><br>The Manager, Professional &amp; Organisational Development will be responsible for planning, developing, implementing, and administering a range of programmes, initiatives and projects relating to talent management, professional development, performance enhancement and succession planning within the campus overtly link the analysis to the University strategy and plans. This role would also have an overarching responsibility to deliver an effective, integrated and holistic staff development and talent management programme in collaboration with the Research Futures Academy and Learning &amp; Teaching Academy.<br><br>The role holder will work closely with the Edinburgh Professional &amp; Organisational Development team who will provide information and ongoing support regarding the University&#8217;s policies and processes; the role holder will be required to either adapt or create relevant policies and processes pertaining to organizational development to fit the context of the Malaysian operating environment. This position shall report to the Head of Human Resources.</div><div><strong>Key Duties and Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Lead, implement and manage Staff Development and Talent Management framework that would address the development needs of the Staff overtly link to the analysis University&#8217;s strategy and plans, including but not limiting to skills development, performance management, capacity building, succession planning, staff engagement and retention, etc. An analysis of the campus&#8217; succession and development needs for the campus based on specific training need requirements and skills gap identification from each individual professional services department and academic schools is to be conducted every two year.</li><li>Create, manage, and implement policies and procedures relating to Professional &amp; Organisational Development.</li><li>Manage the Human Resources Development Fund and report on its utilisation status on a monthly basis.</li><li>Through engagement, build visible and effective professional relationships across the institution, including Senior Staff in the University, at all times role-modelling the professional HR values and demonstrate the value-added services as provided by the entire HR team.</li><li>Facilitate implementation of appropriate change management initiatives associated with organizational transition activities.</li><li>Identify and monitor the organisation&#8217;s culture so that it supports the attainment of the University strategic objectives and goals as well as promote staff satisfaction across the global university.</li><li>Review the outcomes of periodic Employee Survey and any other University surveys/feedback to inform the Talent and Succession Plan. Manages student internships at the University.</li><li>Provide OD advice based on experience and expertise in the subject matter and provide support to individual people manager in solving complex issues or issues where precedent may not exist.</li><li>Working with managers and staff on training and development needs, including collating development needs from bi-annual reviews, and source providers for training courses where required. Guide and develop a responsive internal training team. Evaluate the effectiveness of the training providers and the programmes offered.</li><li>Able to deliver and design trainings / workshops as required e.g. PDR Reviewer workshops, Values and Respect workshops, Day-to-Day Manager workshops and HR sessions on good management practice. Liaise with Professional &amp; Organisational Development department in Edinburgh for additional support and advice. These activities should closely align with the University&#8217;s Strategic objectives and goals and complement the POD Development Programme.</li><li>Deliver and manage new staff induction and onboarding experience. Lead on the new staff first day experience, which includes a tour of the campus, explaining our University culture, introduction of the E-Induction program and organising meet-up sessions.</li><li>Regularly monitor, track and convey with managers to advise and administer staff development progress, which would cover Training Hours, Conferences attended, etc. providing a monthly report to Head of POD.</li><li>Collaboratively and effectively working with the global HR colleagues and through the wider team to ensure our structures across the entire University are consistent.</li><li>Manage the internship program at the University, including but not limiting to Schedule Planning, Application of HRDF, payment of monthly allowances, monitoring the progress of the interns, and etc.</li></ul>Please note that this job description is not exhaustive, and the role holder may be required to undertake other relevant duties commensurate with the grading of the post and its general responsibilities. Activities may be subject to amendment over time as the role develops and/or priorities and requirements evolve.<div><strong>Person Specification</strong></div>Education &amp; Qualifications<div>Essential:</div><ul><li>HR or business qualification at degree level</li></ul><div>Desirable:</div><ul><li>A professional membership with the CIPD or equivalent professional body</li></ul><div>Experience</div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>Minimum of 5 years&#8217; experience working as a practitioner / internal partner in a talent/succession planning, organisational development / learning and development or similar environment including research, design, development and delivery of learning and development initiatives</li><li>Practical experience of design, delivery and evaluation of development solutions.</li><li>Experience of facilitating groups</li><li>Experience of adopting a consultancy/partnering approach</li></ul><div>Desirable</div><ul><li>Familiar with Oracle HCM suite, in particular Learning, Talent, Succession and Performance</li></ul><div>Competencies, Skills &amp; Knowledge</div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>Fluent (verbal and written) in English and another language e.g. Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>Experienced coach or mentor</li><li>Strong knowledge of Human Resources Development Fund (HRDF)</li><li>Good interpersonal skills; able to establish and maintain good working relationships with a wide range of people and acts as a point of reference.</li><li>Good communication skills with ability to write clear and accessible policies and processesStrong sense of purpose and responsibility; self-motivated</li><li>Strong service ethos</li><li>Accurate with attention to detail</li><li>Excellent computing skills including Office 365 suite with capability to support basic digital skills enhancement</li><li>Excellent organisational skills on a daily, weekly or monthly basis, able to meet deadlines and manage conflicting demands on time</li><li>Able to make independent decisions which have moderate impact to the operation.</li></ul><div>Desirable</div><ul><li>Understanding of higher education environment</li><li>Working knowledge of Malaysian Labour law and employment practices.</li><li>Experience of working as part of small or remote team</li><li>Demonstration of a values-led, evidence-based and outcomes driven approach in day-to-day delivery of work.</li></ul><div>Essential Criteria &#8211; these are attributes without which a candidate would not be able to undertake the full remit of the role. Applicants who do not clearly demonstrate in their application that they possess the essential requirements will normally be eliminated at the short listing stage.</div><div><br>Desirable Criteria &#8211; these are attributes which would be useful for the candidate to hold. When shortlisting, these criteria will be considered when more than one applicant meets the essential criteria.</div><div><strong>Application Process</strong></div><div>Applications should be submitted to the Oracle System.</div><div>Applications must be submitted by 16 April 2021. If you are not contacted by the selection committee by 30 April 2021 then please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful.</div><div>The University is committed to equality of opportunity.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Heriot-Watt University Malaysia (HWUM) is a UK university campus based in Putrajaya, Malaysia. HWUM is the second international campus of Heriot-Watt University ("HWU") which is a leading research-intensive UK university, specialising in science, technology, engineering, business, languages, textiles and design. With an international reputation for scientific and technological excellence, the University is truly global in scope and scale with a campus in Dubai, three campuses in Scotland and over 150 partners world-wide.</div>
<div>
	HWUM is operating from a stunning, purpose-built, eco-friendly, lakeside campus that currently has more than 2,000 students. Besides the academic offerings that range from Foundation to Undergraduate and Postgraduate programmes in Business, Engineering, Construction, Actuarial Science and more, the university is a pioneer in Impact-Based and Positive Education aiming at developing Purpose-driven, resilient and world-ready graduates.</div>
<div>
	With highly motivated community, state-of-the-art learning resources and world-class learning and teaching facilities, the Putrajaya campus is a dynamic and stimulating place to study, grow and flourish. Students studying at Heriot-Watt University Malaysia undertake a well-structured developmental programme that takes them in four stages to develop the skills of knowing and leading self, leading teams, leading communities and leading enterprise. This inculcates emotional intelligence, interpersonal and analytical skills sought after by employers. Learning outcomes and standards are identical across all campuses which enables students to seamlessly transfer between campuses.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-professional-and-organisational-development-4509991?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4509991" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 