---
title: "RCSI & UCD MALAYSIA CAMPUS (formerly Penang Medical College) Vacancies Vice-President cum Registrar" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-12 
excerpt: "RCSI & UCD MALAYSIA CAMPUS (formerly Penang Medical College) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Vice-President cum Registrar which positioned at George Town" 
tags: [George Town] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>RCSI & UCD MALAYSIA CAMPUS (formerly Penang Medical College) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Vice-President cum Registrar</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Board of Directors of RUMC seeks to appoint a Vice-President &amp; Registrar who will play a significant leadership role in the development, delivery and continuous improvement of a systematic approach to quality assurance and improvement within the academic activities of RUMC. Reporting to the President, this post will support the development and delivery of the RUMC strategy and enable the continued growth and development of the campus, positioning RUMC as a premier provider of medical and health related programmes in Malaysia. Promoting an environment of excellence, the Vice President is accountable for supporting an active teaching, learning and research community amongst staff and students.</p><p>The successful candidate will possess leadership ability and a deep understanding of the key issues in developing a world-class centre of medical and health sciences education. With a successful track record of senior management in an analogous context, applicants will have considerable academic, educational and personal credibility.</p><p><strong>Roles and Responsibilities</strong></p><p>The principal objective of this post is to lead the development, delivery and continuous improvement of a systematic approach to quality assurance and improvement within the academic activities of RUMC. The Vice-President will provide support to the President &amp; Chief Executive Officer and ensure the effective management of Registry functions at RUMC as well as ensuring the student experience is of the highest quality. This post will support the development and delivery of the RUMC strategy and enable the continued growth and development of the campus, positioning RUMC as a premier provider of medical and health related programmes in Malaysia. The Vice-President is accountable for supporting an active teaching, learning and research community amongst staff and students. She/he will be a member of RUMC&#8217;s Senior Management Team and a member of the core Management Group and will work collaboratively with the RUMC leadership to deliver the RUMC strategy.</p><p>Reporting to the President &amp; CEO, the primary responsibilities of this post will be to:</p><ul><li>Ensure the reputation of academic programmes at RUMC through quality assurance processes and accreditation of continuing and incoming academic programmes at RUMC.</li><li>Lead, and assume responsibility and accountability in corporate and executive terms, for the organisation and day to day operations of the academic support and administrative support services at RUMC</li><li>Provide leadership for the development of educational innovations and technology to ensure the university is at the cutting edge of higher education</li><li>Provide leadership for the student-facing professional services at RUMC in order to deliver a student focused experience whilst maintaining high standards of quality within agreed budgets</li><li>Participate as a member of the Senior Management team, including deputising for the CEO &amp; President when required</li><li>Ensure the maintenance of and enhance the strong working links with academic and administrative support services at RCSI and UCD</li><li>Contribute to the governance of RUMC through chairing / convening of appropriate committees and by attendance at the RUMC Board</li><li>Provide leadership for the development of new programmes</li><li>Ensure that programmes are properly recognised with relevant authorities, including seeking to expand the number of countries which recognise the degrees awarded through RUMC</li><li>Formulate relevant policies and regulations to ensure all student and academic related processes are fair, robust and transparent; compliant with Malaysian / ASEAN frameworks and legislation and cognisant of the RCSI / UCD, NUI and Irish Medical Council regulations</li><li>Provide leadership and management of the services supporting the student lifecycle by developing robust systems and processes to govern admissions, registration, scheduling, assessments, progression through to convocations</li><li>Oversee the management of data as it relates to the student record, ensuring the institution has appropriate systems and mechanisms to track student progress and safeguard data, compliant with the relevant legislation</li><li>Where required, ensure the implementation of policies and procedures in relation to student funding, scholarships, student loan etc in liaison with other stakeholders</li><li>Pro-actively contribute to the strategic planning of RUMC</li><li>Cultivate and maintain productive business and personal relationships with key internal and external stakeholders including key sponsors, government agencies and other relevant authorities</li><li>Comply with statutory legislation and the institutions rules and requirements in furtherance of their own and general staff welfare and safety</li><li>Undergo programmes of training and development as may be required from time to time</li><li>Represent the best interests of RUMC at all times</li><li>Perform such other duties as may be required from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>Person Specification</strong></p><ul><li>A doctorate (PhD) or equivalent, preferably in Medicine or Allied Health;</li><li>She/he will likely be a member of the professoriate;</li><li>A rounded academic profile in research, education and scholarly activity</li><li>A minimum of five years of experience in academic leadership and management in a higher education institution;</li><li>A proven track record of significant achievement of leading an academic unit, e.g. School, Department or Programme;</li><li>A demonstrated ability in developing and delivering strategy, motivating staff and stakeholders, managing change, building effective partnerships with external institutions and managing with the highest level of integrity, vision, clarity and purpose;</li><li>Committed to achieving excellence in all aspects and establishing strong and appropriate relationships with the board, staff, students and external customers.</li><li>Possess and demonstrate a strong commitment to continuous personal development</li></ul><p><strong>Key Competencies</strong></p><p>The Vice-President &amp; Registrar will possess the following key competencies:</p><p><strong>Leadership, team and people management</strong></p><ul><li>The vision, drive, energy and initiatives to promote and lead change in a progressive and dynamic environment;</li><li>Highly developed leadership capabilities;</li><li>the ability to work on one&#8217;s own initiative as well as in a team environment</li><li>Strong commitment to continuous personal development .</li></ul><p><strong>Results Focus</strong></p><ul><li>A record of career achievement and experience of strong delivery</li><li>Excellent decision-making capability with the capacity to prioritise</li><li>Ability to make decisions and meet deadlines</li></ul><p><strong>Strategic management</strong></p><ul><li>In-depth understanding of the strategic dimensions and factors relating to (Medical) Education</li><li>experience of academic quality processes is desirable, e.g. programmatic review, accreditation</li><li>excellent analytical and critical thinking ability to make decisions and meet deadlines</li></ul><p><strong>Communications and influencing</strong></p><ul><li>Very strong verbal and non-verbal communication skills</li><li>Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to engage and inspire others in a common vision</li><li>Strong influencing and negotiation skills.</li></ul><p><strong>Terms and conditions of appointment</strong></p><p><strong>Term of appointment</strong></p><p>The appointment will be offered on a three-year fixed term basis (subject to a satisfactory probationary period). By agreement of the Board of Directors, the Vice-President &amp; Registrar may opt to renew for a further term subject to satisfactory performance and agreement of the Board of Directors.</p><p><strong>Salary and benefits</strong></p><p>The salary package will be competitive and commensurate with the seniority of this strategically important role and the successful candidate. The salary package will include accommodation and travel allowances. The salary package includes an annual performance-related payment, based on a percentage of your gross basic salary and determined by performance against key metrics.</p><p><strong>The appointment process and how to apply</strong></p><p>For informal enquiries about the role please contact<strong> Salmah Aspari at 04-2171855 </strong>who will arrange informal discussion with the appropriate person from RCSI, UCD or RUMC.</p><p>Interviews will take place in July/August 2021. The appointment will be made subject to satisfactory references. The position is available from the fourth quarter of 2021.</p><p>To apply for the role, please email your formal CV with complete contact details, current and expected salary and contact details of three (3) referees to:</p><p><strong>THE HUMAN RESOURCE DEPARTMENT</strong></p><p><strong>RCSI &amp; UCD MALAYSIA CAMPUS</strong></p><p><strong>4, Jalan Sepoy Lines, 10450 George Town, Penang, Malaysia.</strong></p><p><strong>t: +604 217 1999&#160;&#160;&#160;f: +604 228 7272</strong></p><p>Deadline for applications is 30th June 2021. Only shortlisted applications will be notified.</p><p>Further detail of the post is available at https://www.rcsiucd.edu.my/careers/</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>In its 25th year in higher education in Malaysia in 2021, RCSI &amp; UCD Medical College (RUMC) is building on its&#8217; success and is ambitious to continue to grow the quality and breadth of its medical and health sciences education. </p><p>RUMC is jointly owned by two of Ireland&#8217;s foremost institutions, University College Dublin and the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI). It was established to deliver international medical education, combining the best of Irish medical education with excellent healthcare facilities in Malaysia. </p><p>Our medical students spend their early years in either RCSI or UCD in Dublin before returning to Penang to complete their clinical studies, benefitting from comprehensive science-focused education in an international setting among peers in Dublin followed by clinical training in Malaysia as the region in which many will later practice. Our graduates are awarded a National University of Ireland degree (MB BAO BCh), which is recognised across the world.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in George Town. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/vice-president-cum-registrar-4566011?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4566011" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 