---
title: "Southern University College Vacancies Lecturer / Assistant Professor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-08 
excerpt: "Southern University College is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer / Assistant Professor which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Southern University College is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer / Assistant Professor</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are looking for Lecturer/ Assistant Professor/ Associate Professor/ Professor in the following Faculties:</p><p>Please take note that successful candidate will be hired for <strong>Sem B</strong> (June 2021) / <strong>Sem C</strong> (Oct 2021) intake.</p><p><strong>Faculty of Education and Psychology</strong></p><p>Major in:</p><ul><li>Early Childhood Education</li></ul><p><strong>Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology&#160;</strong></p><p><strong>&#160;</strong>Major in</p><ul><li>Software Engineering / Computer Science / Information Technology</li><li>Electrical Engineering / Professional Engineer (Ir.) - in Electrical field</li></ul><p><strong>Faculty of Business and Management</strong></p><p>Major in:</p><ul><li>Accounting&#160;/ ACCA</li><li>Finance</li></ul><p><strong>Faculty of Humanities and Social Science</strong></p><p>Major in:</p><ul><li>Journalism and Mass Communication</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidates shall possess <strong>at least</strong> a <strong>Master Degree</strong> or <strong>PhD</strong> in relevant field as stated above.</li><li>Preferably candidates with relevant teaching experience/ attachment in relevant settings.</li><li>Master holder with at least 3 years of teaching experience are welcome to apply.</li><li>Excellent English proficiency. However, ability to speak and write in Mandarin and Bahasa Malaysia will be an advantage to the position.</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibility</strong></p><p><strong>Educating and Research</strong></p><ul><li>Undertake teaching related duties such as preparation of teaching materials, conduct an interactive lecture and tutorial class as well as student consultation, assessment and other teaching related job.</li><li>Actively participate in scholarly activities such as undertaking research, and journal publications as well as develop relevant materials in appropriate formats for the programmes.</li></ul><p><strong>Administration</strong></p><ul><li>Coordinating, attend meetings and participate in events and working groups.</li><li>MQA document preparation.</li><li>Other ad-hoc job as assigned by the Management.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Southern University College (Southern UC), previously known as Southern College, was established in 1990. It is the first non-profit higher education institute in Malaysia. The establishment of Southern College was to provide an alternative tertiary education for high school graduates to pursue higher qualifications in home country. Foon Yew Advanced Studies Programme was first set up in 1975 at Southern College and later Foon Yew Board of Directors made an application to the Ministry of Education for setting up Foon Yew College and then Southern College. Through twenty-two years of management and supports from the Chinese community, the Ministry of Higher Education finally approved Southern College to be upgraded to Southern University College in 2012. Southern UC aspire to become a full-fledged University by 2021 and aims to become a well-known International University by 2030.</p><p>The 33 acres of Southern University College campus, mainly donated by the philanthropist, Mr. Seow Wan Heong is located at Skudai, Johor Bahru. The campus reflects a fusion of Chinese and multicultural traditions of Malaysians.</p><p>Southern University College consists of:</p><ul><li>Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences</li><li>Faculty of Business and Management</li><li>Faculty of Art and Design</li><li>Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology</li><li>Faculty of Chinese Medicine</li><li>Faculty of Education and Psychology</li><li>School of Foundation Studies</li><li>Southern Institute of Technical Education</li><li>School of Professional &amp; Continuing Education</li><li>Institute of Graduate Studies and Research</li><li>Research Institute of Chinese Ethnicity &amp; Culture</li><li>Research Institute of Malay Language and Culture.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-assistant-professor-4475345?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4475345" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 