---
title: "Raffles Iskandar Sdn Bhd Vacancies Officer, Student Affairs & Services" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-07 
excerpt: "Raffles Iskandar Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Officer, Student Affairs & Services which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Raffles Iskandar Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Officer, Student Affairs & Services</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Scope</strong></p><p><strong>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Position Summary</strong></p><p>To assist Student Affairs and Services Manager with Student Services matters.</p><p><strong>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Supervision</strong></p><p>2.1&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Immediate Supervisor</p><p>The Officer, Students Affairs &amp; Services works under broad direction with certain degree of autonomy and is responsible to the Manager, Student Affairs &amp; Services or Nominee. The incumbent is required to work closely with and to undertake duties as required by the Manager Student Affairs &amp; Services or Nominee.</p><p><strong>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Key responsibilities and accountabilities:</strong></p><p>a) Assist in preparation of academic calendar and timetable for lecturers and students.</p><p>b) Responsible for monitoring student attendance, punctuality, MC and issuance of reminder letters to students.&#160;</p><p>c) Responsible for monitoring students&#8217; academic progress and professional development. Identify students who need counselling services and refer them to the SAS Manager and Counsellor.</p><p>d)&#160;Liaise with parents and academicians whenever necessary and provide both informal and formal University reports as required.</p><p>e)&#160;Maintain and update student files and records from time to time.</p><p>f)&#160;Assist in preparing students satisfaction survey and conducting the survey.</p><p>g)&#160;Assist in organising activities/events for students including Sports Day, Convocation Day, Career Fairs, Book Fairs, etc.&#160;</p><p>h)&#160;Update all relevant documents required in the students&#8217; personal file (both local &amp; international).</p><p>i) Administering PLUTO student management system by managing and tracking RU students&#8217;&#160;data and progression &#8211; everything from marks, completed modules, attendance etc.</p><p>j) Assist in test/exam preparations including test/exam materials such as test/exam papers, answer sheets, booklets, and references. Responsible for the set-up of the exam hall and be the invigilators during tests/exams as and when required.</p><p>k) Assist in the preparation of exam slips, exam results, transcripts and graduation scrolls.</p><p>I) Manage student&#8217;s deferment, Programme transfer and withdrawal process.</p><p>m) Responsible for issuing invoice and notice of late payment. Monitor payment and prompt students for payment when it is due.</p><p>n) Assist in general administrative matters including printing, photocopying, scanning, binding, filing, etc.</p><p>o) Assist in issues related to student hostel.</p><p>p)&#160;Assist in Student Affairs and Services matters as and when required by supervisors.</p><p>q)&#160;Attend to student enquiries and complaints with good customer service.</p><p>r)&#160;&#160;Assist in other ad-hoc matters as and when required by supervisors.</p><p><strong>Criteria</strong></p><p>a)&#160;&#160;&#160;Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in any field, preferably Business Administration or Administrative Science.</p><p>b)&#160;&#160;&#160;Good communication and interpersonal skills, good customer relations skills, reliable, task oriented, committed, have sense of urgency, able and willing to multi-task and work overtime as and when required.</p><p>c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At least 5 years working experience.</p><p>d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Any experience with ERP, Campus Management System or any similar student management systems is an advantage.</p><p>e)&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Experience in student services, education and/or services industry will be an added value.</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Raffles University was established by Raffles Iskandar Sdn. Bhd., a joint venture between Raffles Education Corporation Limited and Education@Iskandar Sdn Bhd (EISB), a member of the Iskandar Investment Group. Raffles University is an Asian-based Malaysian university that prides itself as a practice-oriented university with intensive curricula and practical hands-on experiences that prepares students for their future careers. The University was formally approved by Malaysia&#8217;s Ministry of Higher Education (MOHE) on 31st October 2011.</div>
<div>Currently operating from its temporary premises at Menara Kotaraya, Jalan Trus, Johor Bahru, Raffles University Iskandar will develop a state-of-the-art campus on a 65-acre plot of land in Iskandar Malaysia&#8217;s EduCity. Raffles University&#8217;s strategic location in Iskandar sets the university in a secure and growing state economy with high potential in both economic and cultural developments. Students can expect a vibrant and dynamic nurturing learning experience that will see their transformation into world-class professionals.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/officer-student-affairs-services-4528310?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4528310" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 