---
title: "Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) Vacancies Manager, Education" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-19 
excerpt: "Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, Education which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, Education</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Position</strong></p><p>Manager, Education</p><p><strong>Job purpose</strong></p><p>This position will be responsible to manage the development, implementation and management of the Institute&#8217;s education programmes and initiatives.</p><p><strong>Job Accountabilities</strong></p><ul><li>Manage the curriculum design, development and implementation process, development and implementation of curriculum related policies and regulations.</li><li>Work with industry through the various networking groups, curriculum committees and other relevant groups to review and revise curriculum for current and future qualifications.&#160;</li><li>Lead and/or manage the development and implementation of strategies to transit/convert candidates to a new curriculum where applicable.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Recommend, implement and administer methods and procedures to enhance instructional design within the development and re-development of learning content.</li><li>Manage and ensure that the usage of the Institute&#8217;s learning management system functionalities is optimised and that all learning assets are created and uploaded in a timely manner.&#160;</li><li>Develop and implement recognition strategies through collaboration/partnerships with other professional education bodies, learning institutions, accreditation agencies.</li><li>Lead and/or manage other education-related initiatives or projects e.g. enhancement of learning support; development of e-learning/mobile learning; quality improvement in study text content; alternative approaches to learning &amp; assessment, etc.</li></ul><p><strong>General</strong></p><ul><li>&#160;Responsible for appropriate governance and reporting to relevant committees, working groups and panels for all education activities and projects.&#160;Attend and present at meetings of these committees, working groups, panels as necessary.</li><li>Ensure all information on the Institute&#8217;s website relating to qualifications is current and accurate.</li><li>Ensure that any changes or developments in curriculum are communicated effectively to stakeholders.&#160;</li><li>Work with the Education team to deliver agreed outputs in a timely manner.</li><li>Work with the Education team on the preparation of relevant budgets, monitor and manage performance against agreed budget.</li><li>Monitor developments in the banking industry and education industry to recommend changes and opportunities for the Institute to take the lead.</li></ul><p><strong>Competency and Academic Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>First degree in education related disciplines will be an advantage.</li><li>Have a minimum of 7 years&#8217; experience in education with at least 2 years in managerial position.</li><li>Knowledge of adult learning principles and familiarity with local and global developments in curriculum, teaching and learning, and assessments would be an asset.</li><li>Have working knowledge of learning management systems and content authoring tools.&#160;</li><li>Have strong organisational, analytical, problem-solving, communication and interpersonal skills, and be detail oriented.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) or formerly known as Institut Bank-Bank Malaysia (IBBM) has the professional body for the banking and financial services industry has embarked on a journey of transformation that aims to re-align our value proposition and services to meet industry demands and to ensure our role in providing world class education and learning delivery and services. In our pursuit to be the leading institute central to these goals, we invite talented individuals to join us as we innovate and introduce changes that will reshape the banking education landscape through partnerships and collaborations with key partners/stakeholders. You will be given the opportunity to exercise your leadership, create a difference and play a pivotal role in helping to shape the Institute's strategic agenda. You will need to be hungry for success, achievement-driven, focused and communicate well - both written and spoken. The position offer excellent career opportunities and rewards.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-education-4511380?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4511380" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 