---
title: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Teaching Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-16 
excerpt: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Teaching Assistant which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Teaching Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We are currently looking for dynamic Teaching Teachers to join our Beacohouse family!</strong></p><p><strong>VACANCY (taught in English - Play based National Curriculum in an Enhanced Learning Environment)</strong></p><p>*Age range 2- 5 years old</p><ul><li><strong>Preschool Teaching Assistant for Klang Preschool</strong></li><li><strong>Preschool Teaching Assistant for BNEY SS2</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelors of Education, Bachelors of Early Childhood Education, Post Graduate Diploma in Teaching or equivalent.</li><li>0-3 years of overall experience in a similar role in education.</li><li>English (Fluent), Bahasa Malaysia (Intermediate), Mandarin (Intermediate)</li></ul><p><strong>Core Knowledge Required</strong></p><ul><li>Understanding of how a classroom is to be run smoothly.</li><li>Ability to coordinate well with the teacher and be prepared with the lessons that the teacher is teaching for that day.</li><li>Observant to the needs of the children and are able to identify students who need extra guidance in lessons and those who are fast learners who can motivate the others with their good work.&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Job Responsibilities</strong></p><p><strong>Communication</strong></p><ul><li>Develop a warm and nurturing relationship with students in your class. Always speak positively about a child. Talk to and listen to children appropriately.</li><li>Monitors progress of students and communicates with teachers, parents and administration.</li><li>Maintains open communication between yourself and the classroom teacher and between other school personnel.</li><li>Work cooperatively with class teacher and other assistants, proactively sharing skills and strengths and seeking assistance from others when required.</li><li>Refer all questions about curriculum or individual student progress directly to the class teacher.</li><li>Be well informed about the daily class timetable and schedule before the beginning of the school day, check the class teacher&#8217;s daily planner each morning to become familiar with the day&#8217;s plans and specific expectations.</li><li>Be informed about all expectations and requirements of all teacher assistants by reading staff handbooks, school newsletters and checking emails on a regular basis.&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Students</strong></p><ul><li>Instructs as directed, students in large or small groups, on a daily basis as part of the established educational program.</li><li>Assists in development of or develops daily instructional plans.</li><li>One-on-one support with individual children.</li><li>Small group work (spelling, phonics, sight words, math games etc.)</li><li>Monitoring and supervision of students</li><li>Roam the class during independent activities.</li><li>Manages and interacts with children in a positive and supportive manner</li></ul><p><strong>General</strong></p><ul><li>Attends weekly staff meetings.</li><li>Assists with pick up and drop off of students with class teacher (specialist lessons, library, cafeteria, bus bay, nurse, etc.).</li><li>Undertake playground supervision as per the duty roster, ensuring expectations are being consistently reinforced.</li><li>Attend carnivals, special events, and excursions as organized.</li><li>Attend whole school staff meetings, carnivals, excursions and special events as required.</li></ul><p><strong>Labels and Displays</strong></p><ul><li>Creating signs for displays</li><li>Updating and changing displays in classrooms and shared areas.</li><li>Labels for books, tote trays, lockers, storage boxes etc.</li></ul><p><strong>Displaying Art Work</strong></p><ul><li>Materials and Supplies</li><li>Ensure sufficient basic supplies e.g. stationary, art and craft materials, are available and easily accessible.</li><li>Storage and tidiness of materials in Math's and Language areas</li><li>Prepare art and craft materials as required (fill and clean paint pots and brushes, make play dough, collage materials, glue etc.)</li><li>Cover books, mend books and resources where necessary.</li><li>Assist in the preparation and creation of teaching aids, e.g. games, work cards, flash cards etc.<strong></strong></li></ul><p><strong>Administrative</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for coordinating filing, typing, bulletin boards, inventories at the assigned grade level.</li><li>Distribution, storage, tidiness of materials and supplies in classrooms and workrooms.</li><li>Assist with ICT requirements (downloading and printing digital photographs, publishing children&#8217;s work, etc).</li><li>Assists with students&#8217; portfolios.</li><li>Lead classroom routines (homework, reading folders, parent notes, lunch and water bottles).</li><li>Take excursion money for banking.</li><li>Keep a daily record of dismissal- how children are being collected (parent pick up, bus numbers.</li><li>Photocopying, producing booklets (sending items to the print room).</li></ul><p><strong>Candidates who are interested, please send your most updated Resume and Cover Letter to our recruitment mail box indicated in our Beaconhouse Malaysia careers page.</strong></p><ul><li>Indicate your availability to start</li><li>Preferred location</li><li>Current and expected salary.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Beaconhouse Group is considered to be the largest school system of its kind, operating schools in eight countries for over forty three years.</p><p>Beaconhouse Malaysia currently owns and operates twelve schools within the Klang Valley, eight of which are Pre-schools, two Private Primary and Secondary Schools which offer the National Curriculum and two International Schools, offering Cambridge IGCSE Programmes.</p><p>At Beaconhouse we empower and inspire students to reach for excellence and to become independent global learners.We provide a solid foundation from Pre-school to Senior School allowing children to harness their individual character and talent in the pursuit of educational success.</p><p>Our core focus is to deliver high-quality academic programs that enable students to achieve their intellectual potential, develop confidence and lifelong-learning skills to improve their prospects beyond school.&#160;</p><p>With high standards that demand up-to-date teaching skills and a range of challenging programmes, Beaconhouse School System brings success within the reach of every student. As part of our expansion plans, we seek dedicated individuals to join us in the following positions:</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/teaching-assistant-4508472?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4508472" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 