---
title: "GEMS Education Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Secondary Teacher for Business and ICT Studies" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-09 
excerpt: "GEMS Education Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Secondary Teacher for Business and ICT Studies which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GEMS Education Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Secondary Teacher for Business and ICT Studies</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>GEMS International School Tropicana Metropark </strong>is a growing COBIS-member school, in our third academic year, and we are looking for an enthusiastic, hardworking, dependable <strong>Secondary Teacher for Business and ICT </strong>for an <strong>August/September 2021 start.</strong></p><p><strong>Qualifications</strong>:</p><ul><li>University or college degree</li><li>Teacher professional certification specific to hired/placed position.</li><li>Minimum of two (2) full contract teaching years' experience in an international school setting</li><li>Professional commitment to continued professional learning and development</li><li>Required languages: English</li></ul><p><strong>What Can You Expect?</strong></p><ul><li>A rewarding, fun and professional working environment.</li><li>Variety and a fast pace. You will need lots of energy - working with teenagers is hard work but there are huge benefits and not one day is every the same. You will make a difference to young people's lives.</li><li>Training and professional development courses as part of GEMS Online University. We welcome experience in role but high quality applicants new to this position will be considered.</li><li>Experience working with highly qualified international teachers.</li><li>Our students are caring, respectful and love learning - you will spend your time teaching and nurturing them to be great people.</li><li><strong>A British school system</strong>: a robust safeguarding system, academic houses and house points, CAT4, GL Assessments Progress Tests, Cambridge IGCSEs and A-Levels, co-curricular and inter-school activities.</li><li>Beyond the classroom, we work with students on enriching experiences and co-curricular activities - students from FS1 to Year 13 take part in activities to pursue their interests every day and have the change to develop and explore new ones.</li><li>Invitations to contribute to school-life development, so if you are aspirational of if you have a wealth of expertise that you enjoy sharing, you will love the opportunities that our new campus and community offer.</li><li>A caring atmosphere - we have high expectations and your mental health is important to us too.</li><li>A maturing school with experience - we have an individual identity, but benefit from lessons learned in our organisation so are more established that our age suggests.</li><li>Travel - with close by GEMS school in Penang and through associations of international schools in South East Asia, we train, collaborate and take part in friendly competitions.</li><li>A rigorous safeguarding culture - GEMS International School is committed to safeguarding children and young people through safer recruitment practices. The School's recruitment protocols adhere to the compliance requirements set for COBIS-member schools and GEMS Education standards. Candidate reference, one of which must be taken from the current Head of School for existing academic staff, may be checked and qualifications attested before interview - candidates should indicate if there is a concern with this at the point of application. Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS), International Child Protection Certificate (ICPC) or local police checks are required, together with a statement of medical fitness. Offers of employment are subject to candidates meeting the above requirements.</li></ul><p><strong>About GEMS</strong></p><p>With more than fifty years of education experience, GEMS Education is committed to improving the quality of education worldwide. It is the leading K-12 private education provider in the world, educating more than 250,000 children from 151 different nationalities.</p><p>The GEMS Values - Care, Excellence, One Team and Always Learning - Set the standard that we expect from all GEMS people - our students, our families and of course our employees. We are looking for a candidate that embodies these values to join our growing and talented team.</p><p><strong>All positions attract an excellent package:</strong></p><ul><li>Competitive salary</li><li>Comprehensive medical coverage for employees</li></ul><p><strong>Terms and conditions apply.</strong></p><p><strong>___________________________________________________</strong></p><p><strong>Please apply through the online application form. Ensure that it is complete with full employment and qualification details. Provide a supporting statement indicating why you would be a suitable candidate for the role.</strong></p><p><strong>Deadline for applications: 19 January 2021 at 12.00pm (KL Time)</strong></p><p><strong>Shortlisting and interview scheduling: 20th &amp; 21st January 2021</strong></p><p><strong>Interviews: 25th to 29th January 2021</strong></p><p><strong>Summary Wording:</strong></p><p><strong>Secondary Teacher for Business/ICT Studies</strong> required for an <strong>August/September 2021</strong> start owing to healthy expansion of this successful British school near Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div><strong>GEMS Education Malaysia Sdn Bhd</strong> is an international education company that owns and operates high performing schools. It also offers consulting services to both the public and private sectors. For 50 years, GEMS Education has provided high quality education to hundreds of thousands of children around the world.</div>
<div>GEMS has a global network of award winning schools which provide high quality holistic education to more than 130,000 students from 151 countries. It employs over 11,000 education professionals, specialists and staff. GEMS has a world class leadership team that combines business and education expertise from around the globe.</div>
<div>The GEMS Education school model is unique in the world because it offers a broad range of curricula across a range of tuition fees making private education more accessible to the broader community. GEMS Education also supports Governments&#8217; education reform agenda by working with Ministries of Education to lift school performance and improve the standards and expertise in government schools across the globe.</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/secondary-teacher-for-business-and-ict-studies-4457383?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4457383&sectionRank=15&token=0~7b60a29f-16fd-4139-bdd5-52a9b101e9a8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 