---
title: "NUMED MALAYSIA SDN. BHD Vacancies SENIOR LECTURERS / LECTURERS" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-03 
excerpt: "NUMED MALAYSIA SDN. BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the SENIOR LECTURERS / LECTURERS which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>NUMED MALAYSIA SDN. BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>SENIOR LECTURERS / LECTURERS</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Applications are invited for a non-clinical lecturer/senior lecturer.&#160;As members of the academic faculty of NUMed Malaysia, the successful applicant will play a major role in coordinating, directing and delivering undergraduate teaching, particularly in the areas of physiology and pharmacology, to students on the MBBS medical degree and biomedical sciences (BMS) degree at NUMed.</p><p>This role includes but is not limited to the following tasks/duties:</p><p><strong>1)&#160;Teaching and Learning</strong></p><ul><li>Design and deliver high quality teaching and learning material, resources, and activities to students in line with the NUMed Malaysia teaching objectives and timetable requirements. Where appropriate this should be carried out within external, professional or accreditation requirements.</li><li>Provide a range of timely student support to enhance the student experience and achievements. Set, mark, and assess course work and examinations, providing timely and effective feedback to students.</li><li>&#8220;Teaching&#8221; includes contact time with students other than formal lecturing, e.g. personal tutoring and pastoral guidance (when appropriate, obtaining specialist support and advice).</li><li>Supervise undergraduate and taught postgraduate students&#8217; research projects.</li><li>Contribute to the planning, design, and development of modules and programmes to improve teaching across the institution.</li><li>Contribute to the planning and development of new markets for taught programmes.</li><li>Evaluate own practice and undertake continuing professional development in teaching.</li></ul><p><strong>2)&#160;Research, Scholarship and Innovation</strong></p><ul><li>Plan, organize and carry out own research or scholarship, to ensure that research results, new knowledge, insight and innovation are achieved within relevant time, cost and quality standards.</li><li>Plan and gain appropriate funding, to carry out an area of research or scholarship, or contribute to this activity as a member of a team working on a broader programme.</li><li>Disseminate research or scholarship results through appropriate media to advance knowledge in the field and enhance NUMed&#8217;s reputation for high quality research. This will include authoring or co-authoring papers for publication in high-quality academic journals.</li><li>Contribute to the wider internal and external research and scholarship community e.g. by reviewing journal articles, promotions peer review, peer review of research grants and membership of professional bodies.</li><li>Where appropriate, initiate or contribute to interdisciplinary scholarship to maximize the benefits for the University.</li></ul><p><strong>3)&#160;Engagement</strong></p><ul><li>Participate in organized programmes of outreach/public engagement.</li><li>Promote NUMed Malaysia&#8217;s values and support widening access to our programmes and facilities to people who have historically had little involvement in universities.</li><li>Contribute to the development of public policy e.g. through advice to public bodies at local, regional, national and international levels, as appropriate.</li><li>Where appropriate, and in line NUMed&#8217;s objectives, participate in activities involving the private and public sectors, and with civil society.</li><li>Contribute to professional development in your field by active membership of learned societies and professional institutions.</li></ul><p><strong>4)&#160;Administration and Management</strong></p><ul><li>Undertake a range of administrative tasks to support own area of teaching, research or scholarship and engagement.</li><li>Take responsibility for a defined management or administrative role such as Module Leader, Year Tutor, Assistant Dean, Timetable Lead, Research Director, Outreach Co-Ordinator.</li><li>Contribute to the wider work of the institution through input to project teams, working groups and committees.</li></ul><p><strong>Key working relationships</strong></p><ul><li>Reports to the NUMed Malaysia Chief Executive Officer, and responsible to the Dean of Academic Affairs for the discharge of assigned duties.</li><li>Liaise with students and colleagues, both in NUMed and Newcastle University.</li><li>Build internal and external contacts and participate in internal and external networks for the exchange of information and ideas, and to form relationships for future collaboration.</li></ul><p><strong>Additional qualifications, skills and experience required for appointment</strong></p><ul><li>PhD, or equivalent postgraduate professional qualification or experience, with some teaching experience. A teaching qualification is desirable but not a requirement.</li><li>Possess sufficient breadth or depth of specialist subject knowledge in one or more relevant discipline, and a working knowledge of a variety of strategies to promote and assess learning.</li><li>An excellent command of English, and the ability to communicate complex information clearly, and to engage the interest and enthusiasm of students and inspire them to learn.</li><li>Approachable and sensitive to the diverse needs of students &#8211; student focused.</li><li>Engage in continuous professional development.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Newcastle University is a Russell Group University and we ranked 17th out of 122 in the UK in The Sunday Times 2013 University Guide, and third in the North East and Yorkshire. We have a world-class reputation for research excellence and are spearheading three major societal challenges that have a significant impact on global society.</div>
<div>Newcastle University is the first UK university to establish a fully owned international branch campus for medicine at its NUMed Campus in Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-lecturers-lecturers-4495880?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4495880" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 