---
title: "Intel Technology Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Instructional Designer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-31 
excerpt: "Intel Technology Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Instructional Designer which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Intel Technology Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Instructional Designer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><br><strong>Are you interested in helping Intel transform the employee experience? Are as passionate about Learning and development of peoples careers as much as we are?</strong></div><div><br>The Learning Design services team in Intel's Exponential Learning Organization, XLT, is seeking an innovative instructional designer to help us create game-changing learning and development content that helps Intel employees reach their full potential and increase their employability.</div><div><br>Our team is seeking an experienced instructional designer to lead the design and development of training for high-impact, enterprise-wide, employee-centric development. Learning experiences may be built around topics such as skills acquisition, performance improvement, and career development.</div><div><br>Success in this role requires you to be both strategically minded and technically-adept. You partner regularly with our Exponential Learning product owners, business partners, and subject matter experts to define business and learning needs and design innovative, scalable learning solutions. You pull it all together by obsessing over the learner experience, with a relentless attention to detail and an eye for cutting edge learning design. You move quickly with a high degree of ownership, you aren't constrained by how things have been done before, and you bring others along through your excellent communication and influencing skills.</div><div><br>If you're ready to apply your deep expertise in instructional design and learning theory to raise the level of employee performance across all of Intel, we look forward to speaking with you</div><div>&#8226;At least 6 years' experience in instructional design, education, distance learning, corporate training, adult education or a directly related field with demonstrated experience delivering online learning to large organizations.<br>&#8226;Strong knowledge of learning principles and methodologies with a track record of practical application in formal and informal contexts with user experience (UX) as core value.<br>&#8226;Demonstrated ability to communicate complex concepts and processes using clear and simple language and visuals.<br>&#8226;Successful record of building effective learning experiences leveraging a variety of media, such as video and audio, online interactivity, simulations, and illustrations and diagrams.<br>&#8226;Experience collaborating with other designers, stakeholders, SMEs, front-line managers and front-line employees.<br>&#8226;Demonstrated ability to assess training effectiveness and express ROI to stakeholders and leaders.<br>&#8226;Ability to apply flexible working habits to enable working on global teams bridging time zone and cultural boundaries.<br>&#8226;Consistent delivery on commitments - great organizational skills with exceptional follow through and attention to detail.<br>&#8226;Be a leader from where you are.<br>&#8226;A work sample demonstrating your experience and skill using development tools and ID theory will be required as part of the hiring process.</div><div>&#8226;Bachelors or Master's Degree in Instructional Design, Education, Education Technology or similar field.<br>&#8226;Experience working with learning platforms like Saba and Degreed (Intel's current LMS/LXP).<br>&#8226;Able to prioritize in complex, fast-paced work environment.<br>&#8226;Innovative and proactive problem-solving skills with the ability to exercise integrity and sound judgment in complex and ambiguous situations.<br>&#8226;History of sparking improvements in learning strategy and content through collaboration and prototyping.<br>&#8226;Solid project management skills including planning work, managing details, keeping multiple tasks/projects on track, using time well, and delivering results.<br>&#8226;Functional ability to code in HTML, JavaScript and/or similar languages to create simple websites and other technical assets.<br>&#8226;Advanced experience in design and development technologies such as Captivate, Articulate Studio/Storyline, Camtasia, GoAnimate, or Adobe creative suites (Photoshop/Illustrator/InDesign/Premiere; and equivalents)</div><div>&#8226;The ability to quickly learn and integrate new technologies, as well.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. You may know us for our processors, but we do so much more. From powering the latest devices and the cloud you depend on, to driving policy, diversity, sustainability and education, we create value for our stockholders, customers and society.</div>
<div>
	Intel Corporation chose Penang, Malaysia as its first offshore location outside of the United States in 1972. Intel&#8217;s initial investment in Malaysia has grown significantly since then and as a result, Malaysia&#8217;s operations has further expanded to Kulim, Kedah in 1996, becoming one of Intel&#8217;s most comprehensive sites.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/instructional-designer-4521708?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4521708" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 