---
title: "WQ Park Health & Rehabilitation Centre Vacancies Interventionist / Assistant Interventionist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "WQ Park Health & Rehabilitation Centre is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Interventionist / Assistant Interventionist which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>WQ Park Health & Rehabilitation Centre is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Interventionist / Assistant Interventionist</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Interventionist - Duties &amp; Responsibilities :</strong></p><ul><li><span>Work with children who have a range of diagnosis, including Autism, Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder (ADHD), Down Syndrome, Global Developmental Delay, Learning Difficulties neurological and etc.</span></li><li><span>Evaluate children&#8217;s developmental needs and monitor the academic &amp; behavior progress of individual children.</span></li><li><span>Develop suitable Individual Education Plan and effective teaching methods based on the assessment of children needs and module provided.</span></li><li><span>Manage children behavior in the classroom and responsible to the children safety during intervention by establishing and enforcing rules and procedures.</span></li><li><span>Write children&#8217;s case notes and reports and collect statistics.</span></li><li><span>Liaise with other healthcare professionals, such as Doctor, Occupational therapists, Speech Therapy and etc. to exchange information about the background and progress of children.</span></li><li><span>Keep up to date with new techniques and approaches available for intervention.</span></li><li><span>Be legally responsible and accountable; be caring, compassionate and professional at all times.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Requirement - Interventionist:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Candidate must possess Degree in Early Childhood Education / Psychology / Special Education Teacher.</span></li><li><span>With or without experience of working experience in the related field.</span></li></ul><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span><span>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia and English. Other language is an advantage.</span></p><ul><li><span>Optimistic, good team player, self-motivated, creative and excellent interpersonal communication skills and professional behaviour.</span></li><li><span>Flexible in adapting to a wide variety of tasks and able to work under pressure.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Assistant Interventionist - Duties &amp; Responsibilities :</strong></p><ul><li>Adapts classroom activities, assignment and/or materials under the direction Interventionist.</li><li>Assist children to use the toilet and to bring them to toilet.</li><li>Usher children, ensure their safe before &amp; after school.</li><li>Prepare food &amp; necessary utensils for children snack time. Ensure the cleanliness of canteen before &amp; after break time</li><li>Maintains instructional materials and/or manual and electronic files/records for the purpose of assisting in evaluating progress and/or implementing EIP objective.</li><li>Keep up to date with new techniques and approaches available for intervention.</li><li>Be legally responsible and accountable; be caring, compassionate and professional at all times.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement - Assistant Interventionist:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess Diploma in Early Childhood Education / SPM.</li><li>With or without experience of working experience in the related field.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia and English. Other language is an advantage.</li><li>Optimistic, good team player, self-motivated, creative and excellent interpersonal communication skills and professional behaviour.</li><li>Flexible in adapting to a wide variety of tasks and able to work under pressure.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>WQ Park is a specialized health and rehabilitation centre providing comprehensive treatment to patients of all ages - from children to adults.</p><p>Our corporate culture is to be the best one &#8211; stop centre excellence through compassion in the discipline of rehabilitation and to provide optimum quality of life for clients to experience life to the fullest.</p><p>In line with the business growth, we are looking for people who can generate ideas, creative, passion to build true competitive advantage and who can continue to help make our centre outstanding. If you feel you could be apart of the team, join us today as our&#160;&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/interventionist-assistant-interventionist-4576599?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4576599" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 