---
title: "UST Global (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Learning And Development Program Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-15 
excerpt: "UST Global (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Learning And Development Program Manager which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UST Global (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Learning And Development Program Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Human Resource Management, Business Studies/Administration/Management, Mass Communications, Others or equivalent.</li><li>Required skill(s): Presentations And Demonstrations.</li><li>Required language(s): Mandarin, English</li><li>At least 5 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Remote Support - preferable candidate from PG or KL.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executives specializing in Training &amp; Development or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul><div><div>We are looking for a skilled Learning and Development (L&amp;D) Manager to help our employees advance their skills and knowledge. Your goal will be helping our company succeed by training and developing its personnel.</div><div>We expect you to be passionate about helping people learn and grow&#1643; and to possess excellent communication skills. You should also have experience designing e-learning courses and managing budgets.</div><div><strong>Learning and Development Manager responsibilities are</strong>:<br>&#8226; Prepare and implement learning strategies and programs<br>&#8226; Review individual and organizational development needs<br>&#8226; Deploy different kinds of learning methods companywide&#1643; such as coaching&#1643; job-shadowing&#1643; online training and so on<br>&#8226; Organize e-learning courses&#1643; workshops and other trainings<br>&#8226; Monitor the success of development plans and help employees make the most of learning opportunities<br>&#8226; Collaborate with managers to develop their team members through career pathing<br>&#8226; Oversee budgets and negotiate contracts<br>&#8226; Organize hiring and training activities<br>&#8226; Supervise L&amp;D Specialists<br><br><strong>Learning and Development Manager requirements are:</strong><br>&#8226; 5+ years' experience of working on a L&amp;D Manager&#1643; Training Manager or other relevant position<br>&#8226; Significant experience with effective learning and development methods<br>&#8226; Experience in project management and budgeting<br>&#8226; Good knowledge of e-learning platforms and practices<br>&#8226; Practical experience with MS Office and Learning Management Systems (LMS)<br>&#8226; Strong communication and negotiation skills&#1643; with a good ability to build relations with employees and vendors;<br>&#8226; Strong organizational skills with business-oriented thinking<br>&#8226; BSc or BA degree in Business&#1643; Psychology, technical or other related area; an additional certification such as CPLP will be a bonus</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	UST Global&#174; is a leading digital technology company that provides advanced computing and digital services to large private and public enterprises around the world. Driven by a larger purpose of Transforming Lives and the philosophy of &#8220;fewer clients, more attention&#8221;, we bring in the entrepreneurial spirit that seeks the fastest path to value in today&#8217;s digital economy. Our innovative technology services and pioneering social programs make us unique. UST Global is headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California and operates in 25 countries. Our clients include Fortune 500 companies in Semiconductor, Banking and Financial Services, Healthcare, Insurance, Retail, High Technology, Manufacturing, Shipping, and Telecom. UST Global believes in building long-lasting, strategic business relationships through agile and client-centric global engagement models that combines local experts &amp; resources with cost, scale, and quality advantages of global operations.For more information, please visit:&#160;www.ust-global.com</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/learning-and-development-program-manager-4481894?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4481894" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 