---
title: "Ansell Global Trading Center (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Project Specialist, E-learning (1 year contract)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "Ansell Global Trading Center (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Project Specialist, E-learning (1 year contract) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ansell Global Trading Center (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Project Specialist, E-learning (1 year contract)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>GENERAL SUMMARY OF POSITION</strong></div><ul><li>The E-learning Project Specialist is responsible for the planning, execution, and finalizing of E-learning projects according to strict deadlines. The E-learning Project Specialist will work collaboratively with E-learning Account Managers and/or subject matter experts to create highly interactive asynchronous E-learning courses for Ansell diverse learning audiences.</li><li>The E-learning Project Specialist is responsible for acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to deliver E-learning modules according to plan. The E-learning Project Manager will also define the project&#8217;s objectives and oversee quality control throughout its life cycle.</li><li>The E-learning Project Specialist will apply current instructional design theories and apply educational technologies to guide the development of learning programs to ensure learning is received, retained and yields repeatable practices that result in a great employee experience.</li><li>The E-learning Project Specialist should be a motivated individual with excellent management, digital, and communication skills to help craft digital training solutions for the Industrial and Healthcare industries.</li><li>This role is on a 12-month contract basis. Successful candidates are required to own a personal laptop to carry out all tasks required by this role.</li></ul><div><div><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES &amp; SPECIFIC ACCOUNTABILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>Effectively manage multiple E-learning projects and lead multi-disciplinary teams in the development of highly engaging interactive E-learning content.</li><li>Manage 3rd party vendors to design &amp; develop effective, interactive, and engaging E-learning courses across a variety of verticals and industries</li><li>Co-design and co-create E-learning courses by considering the user experience throughout the development process and adjusting or refining the E-learning as necessary.</li><li>Collaborate with cross-functional partners such as Sales Excellence /Marketing/HR/IT to implement and launch courses.</li><li>Collaborate with graphic designers, multimedia developers, instructional designers and programmers, and editorial teams as well as subject matter experts to deliver cutting-edge content</li><li>Manage daily schedules and delivery timelines by implementing best practice and methodologies appropriate to the project&#8217;s scope.</li><li>Review and ensure all materials are consistent and aligned with learning and development guidelines and established standards.</li><li>Evaluate development effectiveness and provide support by identifying ways to improve the training approach, content and delivery</li><li>Demonstrate and apply technical knowledge of appropriate tools and resources used to develop training content including Adobe captivate, Oracle LMS &amp; Brainshark LMS</li><li>Participate in conference calls with global colleagues outside of standard working hours</li><li>Generate and provide evaluation and other relevant reports to stakeholders</li></ul><div><strong>KEY POSITION REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><strong>Education&#160;&#160;</strong><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a bachelor&#8217;s degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Journalism, Education/Teaching/Training, Linguistics/Languages, Mass Communications, or equivalent, and bachelor's degree or proven experience in design, development and evaluation of learning and performance solutions</li></ul><div><strong>Job Experience</strong></div><ul><li>Minimum 8 years related working experience is an advantage</li></ul><div><strong>Knowledge and Skills</strong></div><ul><li>Good planning, time and project management skills</li><li>Strong attention to detail, accuracy and thoroughness</li><li>Proven ability to manage multiple E-learning projects at a time</li><li>Solid problem-solving, good communication and organizational skills.</li><li>Able to clearly articulate ideas, concepts and visions for learning projects</li><li>Excellent content development skills including developing E-learning content</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)</li><li>Previous Learning and Development experience within an operations or technical environment.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Ansell is a leading global provider of protection solutions. Our company designs, develops and manufactures a wide range of protection solutions that meet the ever-changing needs and demands of our markets and industries. Protection is our primary concern as millions of people around the world depend on Ansell in their professional and personal lives.</div>
<div>
		Our vision is to create a world where people can enjoy optimal protection against the risk they are exposed to. Whether at work or during their leisure time, people require the right protection for the right application. After all, what better guarantee is there than increased safety, security and productivity than through adequate protection.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/project-specialist-e-learning-1-year-contract-4597011?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4597011" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 