---
title: "UH Global Education (Asia-Pacific) SDN BHD Vacancies International Partnerships Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-15 
excerpt: "UH Global Education (Asia-Pacific) SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the International Partnerships Manager which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UH Global Education (Asia-Pacific) SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>International Partnerships Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>MAIN PURPOSE OF THE JOB</strong></p><p>The post holder will be responsible for supporting the development and key account management of the University&#8217;s global network of overseas partnerships, through professional support for all third parties involved. This will include existing partners, other HEI&#8217;s and University networks. They will also work closely with the International Recruitment staff, Quality Assurance staff, Academic Schools and other key internal and external stakeholders, to develop Business opportunities and provide a high-quality professional service to partners.</p><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES</strong></p><p>1.To develop expert knowledge of the opportunities and initiatives for collaboration in key regions and working with the relevant Regional Manager, to provide detailed market background information and an analysis of potential opportunities to senior colleagues.</p><p>2.To project manage the partnership development process, guiding internal colleagues and the partner through all stages, ensuring that partnerships are developed and managed in line with University policy.</p><p>3.To account manage key academic partnerships, identifying and developing opportunities for growth with existing partners, working closely with faculties and other Professional Services departments. Work with partners will include event planning for joint recruitment activities, monitoring and reporting performance, troubleshooting and other aspects of relationship management. To act as the primary point of contact, promoting all aspects of the University.</p><p>4.To work with colleagues in Marketing and Communications, to implement the University&#8217;s external International Partnerships communication plans to ensure collateral is tailored to our partners, consistent with corporate messages and communicated through a variety of platforms, including website, social media and marketing collateral.</p><p>5.To provide detailed performance data and analysis to senior colleagues on current international partnerships. The post holder will provide reports outlining the performance of these partnerships, presenting data and analysis on issues including recruitment, progression and other relationship management elements and proposing actions where necessary.</p><p>6.To organise and undertake overseas travel in support of partnership development, accompanying professional and academic colleagues. This will include management of academic and institutional delegation and partner visits.</p><p>7.To build and maintain relationships and networks with relevant contacts internally and externally. As directed by the Director of International Partnerships.</p><p>8.Undertake other duties within their competence, as may be requested by the Head of International Partnerships and the Director of International, including managing cross functional projects from time to time.</p><p><strong>SUPERVISION RECEIVED</strong></p><p>The International partnerships manager is responsible to the Director of International Partnerships and daily supervision will be given by the Head of the University of Hertfordshire&#8217;s regional office, SEA.</p><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITY FOR BUDGETS</strong></p><p>Delegated responsibility for some budgets including travel and marketing.</p><p><strong>Essential/Desirable</strong></p><p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p><p><strong>&#160;</strong>Minimum of a Degree or an equivalent qualification&#160;</p><p>Master&#8217;s degree / Professional Post graduate qualification</p><p><strong>EXPERIENCE</strong></p><p>&#160;Proven experience of working in an international marketing or partnership environment, including horizon scanning to identify and evaluate market opportunities and impacts.</p><p>Proven experience developing a partnership from initial lead to implementation.</p><p>Proven experience of account management of multiple partners/clients. Including development of effective databases, administrative and account management systems.</p><p>Proven experience of drafting formal documents including business reports, presentations and guidance documents for public and internal consumption.</p><p>Experience working at a UK HEI</p><p><strong>KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITY</strong></p><p>Proven knowledge of Transnational Education (TNE) and/or commercial partnerships.</p><p>Ability to work to multiple and competing deadlines.</p><p>Comfortable working with statistical information e.g. collating and interpreting information from a range of sources.</p><p>High level of communications skills, both written and oral.</p><p>Confident and effective at communicating with people at all levels.</p><p>Ability to confidently present to large and knowledgeable audiences.</p><p>Ability to work unsupervised remotely.</p><p>Ability to deal sensitively, patiently and diplomatically with complex and emotionally charged situations.</p><p>A sound knowledge of University structures, and Educational policy.</p><p>Bi/Multi-lingual</p><p>Ability to read and interpret legal contracts</p><p><strong>PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS</strong></p><p>Confident communicator and Ambassadorial qualities for external representation of the University at high-level events.</p><p>Integrity and independence of judgement</p><p>Tact, sensitivity and diplomacy in dealing with students and staff at all levels.</p><p>Willingness and flexibility to adapt working hours according to operational needs as required, which could include:</p><p>International travel for up to 2 weeks at a time</p><p>Out-of-hours relevant University work, during evenings and weekends.</p><p><strong>FACES</strong>, our core values, inform and sustain all of our activities.</p><p>&#160;On an individual basis we are:</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Friendly</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Ambitious</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Collegiate</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Enterprising</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Student-focused</p><p><strong>Instead of a number, all indications of time spent in previous experience must be stated as follows:</strong></p><p>1-2 years = proven experience</p><p>3-5 years = substantial proven experience</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>University of Hertfordshire (South East Asia) Regional Office is looking to recruit new staff in line with our expansion for 2021/22. The University's plan is to further develop new markets and promoting our brand in the region.&#160;</p><p>University Hertfordshire is the UK's leading business-facing university and an exemplar in the sector. It is innovative and enterprising and challenges individuals and organisations to excel.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/international-partnerships-manager-4588103?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4588103" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 