---
title: "Sunway University Vacancies Assistant Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-11 
excerpt: "Sunway University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Manager which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sunway University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>SUNWAY UNIVERSITY SDN BHD welcomes interested candidates to submit their resume for the above stated vacancy with the following job specifications:<strong>Responsibilities:</strong><ul><li>Provide administrative support for the School/ Research Centre.</li><li>Assist the Dean and School Manager in overseeing the school governance matters. This includes documentation of relevant document for future reference and audit purposes.</li><li>To work closely with the School Manager to put in place operational structure of the School.</li><li>Assist the School Manager in executing or implementing policies and procedures that has been endorsed at the University level.</li><li>Disseminate related information pertaining to the University policies and procedures to colleagues at the School.</li><li>Assist the School Manager in the coordination and compilation of information (e.g.: SETARA, QS Academic Survey) for the School submission.</li><li>Perform tasks as the secretariat for School level meeting (e.g: School Research and Ethic Committee) and attend relevant meeting on behalf of the School as and when requested by the Dean and School Manager.</li><li>Act upon on matters arising at School level, as and when requested by the Dean and School Manager.</li><li>Monitoring quality assurance for Postgraduate programmes and research centres in compliance with MQA, MoHE and ISO and participate in the audit preparation and exercise.</li><li>To work closely with the Dean and School Manager in the monitoring of School budget expenditures.</li><li>Programme Coordinator for Postgraduate Programmes.</li><li>Lead and oversee the school liaison for Purchasing, Facilities and IT related matters.</li><li>Lead and coordinate school events.</li><li>Manage any special projects assigned to the School from time to time.</li></ul><strong>Requirements:</strong><ul><li>Bachelor degree in any field with 5 years of working experience in the tertiary education area at a managerial level, having a Masters in preferable.</li><li>Experience in Post Graduate Programme and Education Management System (EMX) is an added advantage.</li><li>Knowledge in policies, practices and regulations that relate to the Higher Education.</li><li>Able to lead and motivate a team of administrative staff.</li><li>Positive attitude and willing to work extra mile.</li><li>A dynamic, assertive, self-driven and result-oriented person, with initiative and passion for service excellence.</li><li>Possesses good strategic and analytical skills with excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal.</li><li>Excellent leadership, management and organisation skills including the ability to manage people, budgets, coordinate projects, events and activities.</li></ul>We thank all applicants for expressing their interest in this vacancy. Please note that only shortlisted applicants will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
			Sunway University is one of Malaysia&#8217;s leading private universities. It has received the top 5-star ratings for its teaching, facilities and graduate employability by the international university rating organization &#8220;QS&#8221;. It has also received the 5-star (&#8220;excellent&#8221;) rating three times in a row in the national university quality assessment exercise SETARA. Sunway University is owned by the Jeffrey Cheah Foundation and is a not-for-profit institution. The University occupies a state-of-the-art campus opened in 2015 at the heart of Sunway Resort City, linked by canopy level walkways to all of the amenities of the Sunway locality including the Sunway Lagoon Theme Park and the Sunway Pyramid Shopping Mall. The University has experienced strong annual growth in recent years and is rapidly developing its academic programmes and research. The University has strong collaborations with leading institutions Worldwide and offers dual degrees with Lancaster University, UK, a global top 1% institution. [University licence no.: DU025(B)].</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-manager-4480270?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4480270" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 