---
title: "AEON Co. (M) Bhd. Vacancies Assistant Manager  - Learning & Development" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-12 
excerpt: "AEON Co. (M) Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Manager  - Learning & Development which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AEON Co. (M) Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Manager  - Learning & Development</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS :</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Education/Teaching/Training, Human Resource Management or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>At least 5 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Managers specializing in Training &amp; Development or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li><li>Possess strong leadership with effective interpersonal</li><li>Excellence communicator with different level of management.</li><li>Good presentation skill and good in digitalization.</li><li>Agile, independent, responsible, self-motivated, resourceful and able to multitasking under pressure.</li><li>Organised, meticulous, analytical and willing to learn new things</li><li>Great flexibility &#8211; ability to work in a team or be an efficient sole contributor when required.</li></ul><div><strong>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES :&#160;</strong></div><div><strong>A Plan and develop training program</strong><br>1. Plan one whole year development training program for the total company.<br>2. Develop the related training program according to current business and market needs.<br>3. To study and review the related training program plan in line with the objectives of building the&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>&#160;&#160;&#160; pipeline for future talents.<br>4. Research, develop and establish AEON Business Academy and ensure program runs as per time<br>&#160;&#160;&#160; line.<br>5. Well equipped with skills training activities knowledge.</div><div><br><strong>B Develop the modules and curriculum syllabus</strong><br>1. Study, review and develop current career development modules to be applied in the skills&#160;&#160; department.<br>2. Supervise the Curriculum Development and improvement by developing the curriculum design and<br>&#160;&#160;&#160; co- ordination of the curriculum improvement.<br>3. Analyse the training data and proposed improvement plan for betterment of the skills syllabus.<br>4. Develop training material and revise learning modules from time to time align with business needs.<br>5. Involve in Analyse, Develop, Design, Implement and Evaluate (ADDIE) of the program.</div><div><strong>C Liaison with local authority</strong><br>1. Maintain good relations with local authority (if any).<br>2. Monitor and ensure that HRDF claim and activities carried out are to comply with government rules and regulations.</div><div><strong>D Liaison with business internal partners</strong><br>1. Liaise and work closely with related department for confirmation on the planned training activities.<br>2. Work and monitor mentoring program are in order and well managed by respective department.<br>3. Manage &amp; develop trainee to provide fair and objective assessment competencies.</div><div><strong>E Execution</strong><br>1.&#160; Attached with related departments especially operation leaders to learn and understand their department for better</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160;career development program.<br>2. Responsible for execution of the training in timely manner.</div><div>3. Educate HR Officers to be knowledgeable with business needs.<br>4. Manage the expenses so that it would be utilised within the budget.<br>5. Collect the staff voices about training program and share with Management as and when required.<br>6. Responsible in the new projects related to career development and AEON Malaysia University in order to complete on</div><div>&#160; &#160; timely basis.<br>7&#160; Administer Learning Management System to demonstrate training progress.<br>8. Involve in pre and post training logistic and event such as manage training materials, venue and etc.<br>9. Prepare monthly training report for management review.<br>10. Responsible to any other ad-hock task that assigned by management.</div><div><strong>F Other duties</strong><br>1. Involve in L &amp; D budget and expenses control &amp; setting.<br>2. Involve in overall career development planning and execution.<br>3. Involve in HRDF claim processes</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	It all started in 1984, when <strong>AEON CO. (M) BHD.</strong> was established in Malaysia, in response to the Malaysian Government's request to AEON Japan to help modernize retail industry in Malaysia.&#160; With the relentless pursuit to evolve with the growing needs and requirements of its customers, AEON has constantly enhanced its service through value-added benefits and interior refurbishments.&#160; AEON's progress in Malaysia over the years has been a glowing achievement of commitment and has enabled AEON Malaysia to be selected as the regional hub for AEON's expansion in ASEAN.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-manager-learning-development-4566243?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4566243" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 