---
title: "JVMC Corporation Sdn Bhd Vacancies Academic Faculty (Medicine,Dentistry) Manipal University College Malaysia" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-08 
excerpt: "JVMC Corporation Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Academic Faculty (Medicine,Dentistry) Manipal University College Malaysia which positioned at Melaka" 
tags: [Melaka] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JVMC Corporation Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Academic Faculty (Medicine,Dentistry) Manipal University College Malaysia</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are looking for <strong>Medical/Dental Specialists </strong>to join our <strong>Academic Team</strong> at <strong>Manipal University College Malaysia</strong> (formely known as Melaka-Manipal Medical College).<br>Applicant will be appointed as Lecturer or Senior Lecturer or Assistant Professor or Associate Professor or Professor based on their qualification,relevant work experience and research &amp; publications.</div><div><br>As an Academic Faculty member you will be required to contribute towards:</div><ul><li>The teaching effort of the department &amp; college.</li><li>Teaching and training of students at the various Hospitals and Health Centres provided for by the government</li><li>for training of our medical undergraduate students.</li><li>Carrying out activities to maintain and develop scholarly research relevant to the profession.</li><li>Carrying out patient- care service at the Government Hospitals &amp; Health Centres.</li><li>Participating in "mentor" programs.</li><li>Attending faculty meetings and college activities besides teaching.</li><li>Any other responsibilities assigned by Management and/or Head of Department from time to time.</li></ul><div><strong>Desired Profile of Applicants:</strong></div><ul><li>Must possess minmum 3 years of work experience after attaining the requsite qualifications.</li><li>For MBBS Program- Applicants must have completed their MSc/PhD or MD/MS in <strong>Anatomy / Physiology / Biochemistry / Pharmacology / Microbiology / Pathology / Forensic Medicine</strong> <strong>/ Internal Medicine / Surgery / Obstetrics &amp; Gynaecology / Paediatrics.</strong></li><li>For BDS Program-&#160;Applicants must have qualifications from institutions/universities that are registrable as per the Malaysian Dental Council.Applicants should have completed their Post Graduation in the following fields:<strong>Community Dentistry/ Conservative Dentistry &amp; Endodontics/ Oral Diagnosis &amp; Oral Medicine/ Oral &amp; Maxillofacial Surgery/Pedodontics/ Prosthodontics/Periodontics.</strong></li><li>Applicant must be interested in teaching and research.</li><li>Applicants with insufficient research publications or teaching experience for the specific grade will be appointed as Clinical Faculty/Clinical Profesor.</li></ul><div><strong>For more details, please contact:<br>Mr. Gaurav Pareek on +60 177393384</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>Manipal University College Malaysia (MUCM) was established in 1997 as Melaka-Manipal Medical College (MMMC).</div>
<div>It was through the vision of Dr. Ramdas Pai, Chancellor of Manipal University, and the instrumental efforts of the late Datuk K Pathmanaban, former Malaysian Deputy Minister of Health. They recognised that the problem of a shortage of doctors Malaysia at the time could be effectively addressed if more Malaysian students were given the opportunity to achieve their aspirations of becoming doctors and healthcare professionals.</div>
<div>The national aspiration was for Malaysia to be a leading hub for education in the region and this was aligned to MMMC&#8217;s charter of providing quality medical education at an affordable price. This led to the signing of an agreement in New Delhi in 1993, between Manipal Academy of Higher Education (MAHE) and the College witnessed by both the Prime Ministers of Malaysia and India. The College was the first Indo-Malaysian collaboration in education and was among the pioneers of private medical education in the country.</div>
<div>MMMC admitted its first batch of MBBS students in 1997 with the support of experienced medical educationists from MAHE who helped in the implementation of the medical programme. This consistency in the quality of education is one of the reasons behind the strategic tie-up that resulted in the formation of MMMC, and it is a relationship that has proven extremely successful due to MMMC&#8217;s own vision of serving the nation by providing quality medical education and producing highly competent doctors. The cornerstone of any education provider is by and large its teaching faculty and it is no different with MMMC. The College&#8217;s commitment to continuity, and culture of building on its consistency is apparent in the long tenures of its teaching faculty.</div>
<div>In January 2021, MMMC was upgraded to University College status. Thus, births Manipal University College Malaysia (MUCM); the result of a long-standing and fruitful relationship between MMMC and the Malaysian Government to address the education needs of the nation by providing quality, affordable medical education while meeting all the requirements of the regulatory bodies.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Melaka. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/academic-faculty-medicine-dentistry-manipal-university-college-malaysia-4478658?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4478658" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 