---
title: "WYNKIDS Sdn Bhd Vacancies Student Motivational Coach (KL/PJ)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "WYNKIDS Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Student Motivational Coach (KL/PJ) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur, Selangor" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>WYNKIDS Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Student Motivational Coach (KL/PJ)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>About The Position:</strong>&#160;Are you passionate in making a positive impact to the students aged 7-17 and transforming the education industry into a modern and fun learning platform? If YES, we are looking for YOU!&#160;JOIN US, one of the country&#8217;s Fastest Growing Innovative Education Company in Malaysia that reward you 20% above market rate, grow you faster than normal education company and put you in a unique corporate culture&#160;<strong>About The Company &amp; The People:</strong><ul><li>One of the country's Largest Award-Winning Education Company with 20 branches and growing. Using methodology from USA, the company build the business around the people and Culture is our no 1 priority, while we grow to achieve our Vision 2025. Come and learn about our unique Culture.</li><li>Unique company culture. You will be working with a group of supportive &amp; fun-loving sincere people. They genuinely care about you, help you to grow in the company and succeed together.</li><li>Attractive salary package of 20% above market rate in Education industry to be offered to right candidate.</li></ul><br><strong>Your Role As Student Motivational Coach Would Include:</strong><ul><li>Motivating &amp; mentoring students using 100% experiential methodology from USA.&#160;</li><li>You make an impact in transforming the students&#8217; life and education industry.</li></ul><br><strong>The Ideal Candidates Should Have:</strong><ul><li>Degree in Education, TESL, Psychology or teaching qualification is preferred. If you are a non-Education Degree holder and passionate in teaching, you are welcomed to apply.</li><li>Fresh graduates are also encouraged to apply.</li><li>Good command of spoken English. Proficiency in Mandarin will have an added advantage.</li><li><strong>Able to work from Wednesday to Sunday (5-day week).</strong></li><li><strong>Position available in KL / PJ.</strong></li><li>Flexible working hour.</li></ul><br><strong>What You Need To Do Now:</strong>Click &#8216;Apply Now&#8217; to submit your application to us.&#160;Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.&#160;For more information, please visit our website http://www.wynkids.com and Facebook Page - https://www.facebook.com/WynKids.&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>WYNKIDS Education Group</strong> is the Fastest Growing Innovative Award-Winning Education Company with 21 branches in Malaysia and growing. The company focuses on improving personal motivation, mindset and confidence for students aged 7 to 17. Based on games and outdoor activities based methodology, <strong>WYNKIDS</strong> empowers students to achieve their maximum potential, both academically and in their life. If you are passionate about making a difference in education industry, come join our dynamic team.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/student-motivational-coach-kl-pj-4534665?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4534665" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 