---
title: "City University Malaysia Vacancies Dean for Faculty of Business" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-20 
excerpt: "City University Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Dean for Faculty of Business which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>City University Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Dean for Faculty of Business</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Purpose:</strong>The Dean is responsible for leading the Faculty and provides strategic leadership for the growth of the Faculty with continuous improvement to the teaching and learning, research and publications, micro certification as well as collaborating with industry partners that in line with the goals of the University.<br><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong><div>1.&#160;&#160; Leads and provides direction to the Faculty while ensuring the highest standards of academic excellence and quality.</div>2.&#160;&#160; Provides effective leadership to ensure the Faculty is adequately resourced in terms of manpower, skills and competencies to deliver teaching excellence and student experience efficiency.<div>3.&#160;&#160; Provides effective communication of direction, policies, and relevant information thru regular meeting and dialogue session with staff and students.</div>4.&#160;&#160; Leads Faculty budgetary planning which includes but not limited to manpower planning, course offering, part-time lecturers, research and publications and operational expenditures for the Faculty to maximise efficiency and results.<div>5.&#160;&#160; Establish industry collaboration in reviewing the curriculum and relevance courses syllabus to ensure the graduate's employability.</div>6.&#160;&#160; Continuously stay abreast of legislative developments to comply with the requirements of the appropriate authorities (e.g MOHE and MQA)<div>7.&#160;&#160; Oversees shifting trends in the education and business industry to advise the University Senate and Management in making strategic academic and business decisions.</div>8.&#160;&#160; Leads Faculty to develop and oversee the new and existing programmes that will ensure sustainable growth in the university.<div>9.&#160;&#160; Leads and provides the commitment and passion towards teaching and learning as well as collaborating with industry partners to establish a network of employers who will provide training, internship, and graduate employability.</div>10. Other duties assigned by the Vice-Chancellor and the Management from time to time.<div><br><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Related PhD with a minimum of 8 years working experience including 5 years related practice experience in managing Higher Education institution<div>&#183; Open to Malaysian /Singapore citizens only</div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; A Full Professor/Associate Professor will be an advantage.<div>&#183; Candidates able to start immediately will have an added advantage.</div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; In-depth knowledge of PHEI Act 1996 (Act555) and other relevant regulatory requirements; experience in dealing with government officials especially with officers from the Ministry of Education.<div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The ability to articulate a clear vision for the future of the Faculty.</div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The ability to develop and implement strategic and tactical plans.<div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Proven leadership and management/supervisory experience</div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Demonstrated fiscal responsibility and ability to manage budgets.<div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Demonstrated success in attracting resources through fundraising efforts.</div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Student experience-focused mindset. Ability to maintain and develop strong undergraduate and professional programmes, including maintaining programmes accreditation.<div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Demonstrated commitment to increase the diversity of faculty, staff and students through recruitment, retention, and development of talented individuals.</div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Proven ability to foster collaborative efforts by building partnerships with national and/or international agencies.<div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Excellent interpersonal and communication skill</div>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Stakeholder management</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	City University Malaysia is the gateway to a bright future for individuals who wish to acquire knowledge and unleash their potential to excel in the field of Science and Technology. We are making significant contributions to the development on our knowledge capital towards a sustainable future of the nation and the region. We are committed to be one of the leading centers of excellence in higher education and to be internationally recognized.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/dean-for-faculty-of-business-4512518?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4512518" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 