---
title: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Daycare Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-17 
excerpt: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Daycare Assistant which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Daycare Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We are currently looking for highly responsible, friendly and capable Daycare Assistant to join our Beaconhouse family!</strong></p><p><strong>VACANCIES:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Daycare Assistant -</strong> Gasing Preschool (<strong>Available Immediately</strong>)</li></ul><p><strong>Working Hours:</strong></p><p><strong>Every Monday &#8211; Friday, including school holidays</strong></p><p><strong>12.30 pm to 6.00 pm</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/ Higher/ Graduate Diploma in Education/ Teaching/ Early Years Education or 3 years of practical experience as Daycare Teacher. Fresh graduates with passion in daycare or interest to further studies in Education are welcome to apply;</li><li>Fluent in Bahasa Malaysia and English both written and spoken, fluent proficiency in Mandarin (both written and spoken) is a plus;</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience in daycare;</li><li>Has patience, flexibility and love for children;</li><li>Nurses with pediatric experience is welcomed.</li></ul><p>Daycare assistants work together with the daycare supervisor in overseeing all operations in the daycare section of the preschool. Their typical duties include caring for all the children, parent meetings, regulation compliance, and educational program development. Assistants must deal with challenging children and potentially difficult parents.</p><p><strong>Programme and Daycare Supervision</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the supervision and monitoring of Health and Safety of all our children in Daycare Programme;</li><li>To ensure the cleanliness and hygiene of the Napping Room including the sleeping cots and the related;</li></ul><p><strong>Programme Administration and Operation</strong></p><ul><li>To oversee the daily routine. This would include taking the attendance, assist in preparing and cleaning up after lunch and afternoon tea break, supervising children during meal time and activities, shower the children, preparing children for their naps, basic needs of children, and pastoral care;</li><li>To maintain a proper record of all children in our Full Day Programme;</li></ul><p><strong>Plan, Execute and Review&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the daily activities and learning outcomes of children under our care;</li><li>Implement and encourage good health and hygiene practices (washing hands, toileting habits, etc.);</li><li>Teach and encourage good behavior and basic manners;</li></ul><p><strong>Essential Reporting to Head of School ("HOS")</strong></p><ul><li>To monitor and report on the progress of children under our care;</li><li>To prepare Incident Report as and when necessary - To observe the Standard Operating Procedure (&#8220;SOP&#8221;) on recording and to report all incidences occurring in the school;</li></ul><p><strong>Candidates who are interested, please send your most updated Resume and Cover Letter to our recruitment mail box indicated in our Beaconhouse Malaysia careers page.</strong></p><ul><li>Indicate your availability to start,</li><li>Preferred Location,</li><li>Current and expected salary.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Beaconhouse Group is considered to be the largest school system of its kind, operating schools in eight countries for over forty three years.</p><p>Beaconhouse Malaysia currently owns and operates twelve schools within the Klang Valley, eight of which are Pre-schools, two Private Primary and Secondary Schools which offer the National Curriculum and two International Schools, offering Cambridge IGCSE Programmes.</p><p>At Beaconhouse we empower and inspire students to reach for excellence and to become independent global learners.We provide a solid foundation from Pre-school to Senior School allowing children to harness their individual character and talent in the pursuit of educational success.</p><p>Our core focus is to deliver high-quality academic programs that enable students to achieve their intellectual potential, develop confidence and lifelong-learning skills to improve their prospects beyond school.&#160;</p><p>With high standards that demand up-to-date teaching skills and a range of challenging programmes, Beaconhouse School System brings success within the reach of every student. As part of our expansion plans, we seek dedicated individuals to join us in the following positions:</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/daycare-assistant-4540398?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4540398" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 