---
title: "University of Southampton Malaysia Vacancies Assistant Professor – Actuarial Science" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-16 
excerpt: "University of Southampton Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Professor – Actuarial Science which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Southampton Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Professor – Actuarial Science</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UOSM) is seeking applications for Assistant Professor in Actuarial Sciences on the balanced career path of research and teaching.</p><p><strong>Essential Criteria</strong></p><ul><li>A Ph.D. in Actuarial Science, Probability, Statistics, Mathematics, or a closely related field.&#160;</li><li>A minimum of three years of post-PhD experience in teaching and research in Actuarial Science, Probability, Statistics,&#160;Mathematics, or a closely related field at any recognised institution of higher learning. The relevant industry experience is valuable as it complements the teaching and research performance in the disciplinary area. However, such knowledge will not substitute for the essential teaching and research experience required. We may consider outstanding early-career or fresh Ph.D. holders if they have strong potentials to contribute to the development of UOSM's research and teaching portfolios.</li><li>The applicant should have sufficiently advanced research and teaching portfolios within the broader areas of Insurance, Risk management, Actuarial or Mathematical Finance.</li><li>The applicant should have a record of producing high-quality original research outputs in internationally excellent journals as recognised by the UK Research Excellence Framework or a similar agency in the region if appropriate. However, we use the ABS benchmark to determine the quality of journals when it is applicable. UOSM focuses on high-quality research rather than the quantality of publications. We may arrange an external review for selected publications.</li><li>The role holder will demonstrate the ability to develop and implement plans to enhance the programmes, make sound judgments on significant problems, and provide effective leadership.</li></ul><p><strong>Desirable Criteria:</strong></p><ul><li>Actuarial credentials (Associate or Fellow) in any actuarial professional organisation.</li><li>The experience in securing research grants and doctoral supervision.</li></ul><p><strong>Key Accountabilities and Primary Responsibilities</strong></p><p><strong>Research</strong></p><ul><li>Develop and carry out an area of research in line with the UoSM Research Strategy. Manage the application of a range of research methodologies, approaches, and techniques appropriate to the type of research.</li><li>Establish a national reputation for research and the enhancement of learning and teaching practice by sustaining regular dissemination of findings through leading peer-reviewed publications, presenting results at conferences or other relevant events.</li><li>Plan and develop innovative research proposals, projects and funding bids as self-contained items or as part of a broader programme.</li><li>Carry out management and administrative tasks associated with specified research funding, including risk assessment of project activities, organisation of project meetings and documentation and preparation of annual reports. To oversee and implement procedures required to ensure accurate and timely formal reporting and financial control.</li></ul><p><strong>Education</strong></p><ul><li>Support the teaching objectives of the department by managing a range of contributions to its learning and teaching activities.&#160;Deliver teaching of the highest quality across a range of modules and to all levels, through lectures, tutorials, practical sessions and seminars.</li><li>Directly supervise students, providing expert advice on learning best practice and helping with learning problems.&#160;Identify the learning needs of students and define learning objectives. Set and mark coursework and exams, providing constructive feedback to students.</li><li>Monitor, evaluate and revise course design to ensure excellence and coherence.&#160;Identify areas where current provision is in need of revision or improvement, planning and developing innovative contributions to learning, teaching and assessment methods within the department as appropriate.</li><li>Provide expert advice in own subject area to other staff and students</li></ul><p><strong>Others</strong></p><ul><li>Contribute to the efficient management and administration of the department by performing administrative duties as allocated by the Head of Programme and by taking on appropriate department coordination roles.</li><li>Any other duties as allocated by the line manager following consultation with the post holder which include student recruitment and supporting the implementation of the UoSM Strategic Plan.</li></ul><p><strong>Application Submission</strong></p><p>If you meet the above essential and desirable criteria, can maintain accountability, and take responsibilities across research, teaching, and others, UOSM welcomes your application.</p><p>The application must include the following two documents and please upload these documents in one single PDF file and upload it at &#8216;Uploaded Resume&#8217; option :</p><p>(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;A Cover Letter - addressing how you meet the essential criteria and is suitable for taking the role described above.</p><p>(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;An updated CV that provides complete information of (a) your full academic qualifications, including Ph.D. areas or thesis title, (b) details of your full-time employments including administration and leadership experience (if any), (c) your research profile - covering published papers (highlight the three best articles), projects, completed Ph.D. supervisions (if any), and other scholarly works, and (d) your teaching portfolios over the last three years.</p><p>An application without a cover letter or a CV without complete information requested above may not be considered.</p><p><strong>Application deadline: 15 May 2021</strong></p><p><strong>Expected start date:&#160;June 2021&#160;</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is a branch campus of the University of Southampton in the UK. The University of Southampton is ranked 97th in the QS World University Rankings 2020 and is a founding member of the Russel Group in the UK. UoSM was established in 2012 and is based in Iskandar Puteri, Johor.</div>
<div>We currently offer an engineering foundation, three undergraduate engineering programmes (MEng Mechanical Engineering, MEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering and MEng Aeronautics and Astronautics),&#160;BSc Accounting and Finance and BSc Business Management and a PhD programme.</div>
<div>The University is also ranked 4th in the UK for Mechanical Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020), 6th in the UK for Aeronautics and Astronautics (The Complete University Guide, 2020) and 3rd in the UK for Electrical and Electronic Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020).</div>
<div>We have ambitious plans to expand our academic portfolio in the near future and move to a new campus in 2021.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-professor-actuarial-science-4539518?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4539518" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 