---
title: "International Women’s Rights Action Watch Asia Pacific Vacancies Programme Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-08 
excerpt: "International Women’s Rights Action Watch Asia Pacific is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Programme Officer which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>International Women’s Rights Action Watch Asia Pacific is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Programme Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>TERMS OF REFERENCE</strong></p><p><strong>PROGRAMME OFFICER</strong></p><p><strong>Rights of Marginalised Women SGBV and Project Lead</strong></p><p><strong>Background and Introduction</strong></p><p>The International Women&#8217;s Rights Action Watch Asia Pacific (IWRAW AP)&#8216;s<strong> vision</strong> is of a world in which everyone enjoys human rights and fundamental freedoms on the basis of equality without discrimination.&#160;We are a women&#8217;s rights, feminist organisation committed to the full realisation of women&#8217;s human rights through the pursuit of equality.&#160;Together with other organisations in the women&#8217;s human rights movement we act to challenge structures, systems and institutions that violate women&#8217;s human rights.&#160;We engage in movement building that amplifies women&#8217;s voices and activism to create alternative political narratives and spaces</p><p><strong>Our politics</strong> push us to disrupt the forces of right wing populism and extremism, corporate and state capture by organizing, mobilizing and collaboratively building with women&#8217;s groups a body of political knowledge and analysis, so as to demand accountability of state and non-state actors in respect of women&#8217;s human rights and gender equality. Our work is rooted in<strong> feminist values </strong>of diversity and inclusion, equality and non-discrimination, respect, integrity and in the valueof recognising the personal strength of women</p><p>&#160;in terms of having faith in ourselves and in other women.</p><p>IWRAW AP works through a team of 11 women based in Kuala Lumpur, and a network of women&#8217;s rights activists who act as resource persons for the organisation&#8217;s work. IWRAW AP&#8217;s team members are expected to have an active personal and professional commitment to the advancement of women&#8217;s human rights, and to subscribe to IWRAW AP&#8217;s core values of diversity and inclusion, equality and non-discrimination, respect, integrity and intersectionality. Members of the team are required to commit to our Policy on Addressing the Needs of Marginalised Women and to our Child Protection Policy.</p><p>The Programme Officer will provide leadership in the organisation&#8217;s strategy to prioritise the rights of marginalised women&#8217;s groups and lead a consortium project which has the twin objectives of &#8216;prevention and elimination of sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV) against women and strengthening women&#8217;s leadership and women&#8217;s participation in (political) decision-making.&#8217; The project&#160;is part of a new Global South-led consortium of three organisations with deep experience in feminist leadership, movement-building, advocacy and working with marginalised groups,working with women to ensuring opportunities for young women to become political actors and paying particular attention to the meaningful inclusion and leadership of women with disabilities (WWDs).This project will include country level project implementation, cross regional,cross movement strategies in South Asia and Africa, as well as regional and global activities.</p><p>If you are interested in joining a dynamic small team of committed women&#8217;s rights activists, please send your CV, a covering letter telling us what you will bring to the job, and the names of two referees to recruitment at iwraw-ap.org by <strong>25 February, 2021</strong>. Please ensure that you include the title of the position in the subject line of your email.</p><p>IWRAW Asia Pacific offers a competitive salary and a stimulating and supportive working environment. We are looking for individuals with a commitment to social justice and human rights, who can work independently and under pressure, are team players, and have the ability to work in English.Due to movement and other border controls due to the current pandemic, the position can initially begin on the basis of&#160;remote working with a requirement to relocate.</p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p><p>The <strong>Programme Officer</strong> will work closely with the Executive Director and management team to develop a workable internal system for monitoring the impact of IWRAW AP&#8217;s work and a fundraising/organisational resourcing strategy. They will also hold a secondary project portfolio related to gender based violence and political participation. They will also be called on to support the programme team to identify and monitor impacts of their programmatic portfolios and their networking and advocacy activities, as well as fundraise for their portfolios.The Programme Officer will report directly to IWRAW Asia Pacific&#8217;s Executive Director and will work closely with other members of the team, especially the Programme Managers, Communications Officer and Finance Manager. The Programme Officer will report directly to IWRAW Asia Pacific&#8217;s Programme Managers.</p><p>Overall</p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;Contribute to the conceptualisation, planning, coordination and follow-up of the overall strategy of IWRAW Asia Pacific.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;As and when necessary, serve as a resource person on behalf of IWRAW Asia Pacific in the organisation&#8217;s convenings, capacity-building activities, advocacy and knowledge creation work, as well as represent, when required, the organisation at conferences, workshops, meetings and other networking events.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;Undertake any other programmes assigned by the organisation such as contributing to other Programme Officers&#8217; areas of work where required or jointly coordinating activities that are assigned with other Programme Officers.</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;Contribute to the development of programme proposals for fundraising, as well as writing reports to donors, reports on assigned projects, annual report and writing of minutes of meetings.</p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;Be prepared to travel outside Malaysia.</p><p>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;Participate in IWRAW Asia Pacific&#8217;s From Global to Local (G2L) programme when needed.</p><p>7.&#160;&#160;&#160;Contribute to the overall management and development of the organisation.</p><p>8.&#160;&#160;&#160;Be willing to take on other responsibilities as requested by the Programme Managers.</p><p>9.&#160;&#160;&#160;Developing, managing&#160;and implementing this portfolio will require:&#160;</p><p>a)&#160;&#160;&#160;Review of the inputs on these issues in the Strategic Plan for 2020-2014 and preparing a strategy paper on the programme portfolio for sharing within the organisation and its governance bodies, the Board of Directors and the Advisory Committee;</p><p>b)&#160;&#160;&#160;fundraising and budget management for activities under the portfolio;</p><p>c)&#160;&#160;&#160;coordinating and responding to requests for information, technical assistance, training and support related to various initiatives and fora to build capacity of national NGOs;</p><p>d)&#160;&#160;&#160;developing partnerships with diverse stakeholders such as feminist economists, women&#8217;s rights activists, social movements and UN experts;</p><p>e)&#160;&#160;&#160;developing resources and materials as well as communications for sharing them with the portfolio&#8217;s different constituencies;</p><p>f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;developing and nurturing a pool of resource persons and experts who can provide strategic support to the portfolio&#8217;s activities;</p><p>h)&#160;&#160;&#160;monitoring the implementation of the portfolio, its impact and its contribution to the five&#160;year strategy;</p><p>i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;preparing narrative reports on the portfolio in general, and specific reports as required;</p><p>j)&#160;&#160;&#160;contributing to the financial reporting, including donor reports and others as required.</p><p>k) Working closely with the all of IWRAW AP&#8217;s other programmes on overlapping issues</p><p>Project Lead&#160;Responsibilities</p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Contribute to the development and implementation of The Project on&#160;&#8211; developing, managing and implementing a body of work that looks at women&#8217;s human rights in the context of the prevention and elimination of sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV) against women and &#8216;strengthening women&#8217;s leadership and women&#8217;s participation in (political) decision-making.</p><p>2. Represent IWRAW AP in the consortium discussions (focal point)</p><p>3.The project leadership and coordination is expected to include (but may not be limited to):</p><ol><li>Project implementation</li><li>Designing research monitoring and&#160;evaluation</li><li>Engagement with consortium partners and strategic country partners</li><li>Participation in project activities</li><li>Providing leadership and technical assistance to the project</li><li>Budgetary monitoring</li><li>Documentation, reporting and knowledge capture</li><li>Communications (with donors, internal stakeholders such as consortium partners and strategic country partners and IWRAW AP colleagues, and other actors)&#160;&#160;;providing support to IWRAW AP communications team for public audience.</li></ol><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Legal or Social Science degree from a recognised university or comparable professional qualifications.</p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Qualifications in monitoring and evaluation/institutional marketing preferred.</p><p><strong>Knowledge and skills</strong></p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Excellent communication skills in English. Knowledge of other languages is an advantage.</p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Knowledge of the human rights architecture and of CEDAW principles.</p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Proven skills in fundraising.</p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Demonstrable understanding of monitoring, evaluation&#160;and learning principles and project implementation especially in the field of human rights capacity building and advocacy.</p><p><strong>Personal</strong></p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Proven team working skills</p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Proven digital technology skills</p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Ability to work independently</p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Ability to motivate others</p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Ability to work under pressure</p><p>&#9679;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Sense of humour</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>International Women&#8217;s Rights Action Watch (IWRAW) Asia Pacific is a feminist organisation based in the Global South. We work nationally, regionally and internationally towards the achievement of women's human rights. We aim to achieve progressive social change for women based on the universality, interdependence and interrelatedness of human rights, and use the lens of the Convention for the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) to contribute to the progressive interpretation and realisation of the human rights of women.</div>
<div>Our programme focuses on building understanding of and using CEDAW to address gender inequality and discrimination against women. Our strategies are designed to fill the gap between human rights monitoring by the CEDAW Committee at the international level and the activism of non-governmental organisations demanding government accountability at the national level, and to strengthen both normative content and processes of global and regional law and policy instruments that affect women&#8217;s rights.</div>
<div>Since 2004 we have been recognized by the CEDAW Committee and the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) as the key NGO to support communication and submission of alternative information to the CEDAW Committee.</div>
<div>Since 2003 we have facilitated more than 1100 women across more than 305 countries to attend the CEDAW review sessions, monitor state reporting and engage with the CEDAW Committee. This strengthens the work being done on CEDAW implementation at the national level, including through processes and tools that support law reform/policy analysis, regional convenings to create more alternative spaces for the women&#8217;s movement to galvanise thinking and momentum on specific priorities, and litigation initiatives that we carry out in partnership with women&#8217;s groups at the local and state level.</div>
<div>IWRAW Asia Pacific&#8217;s ideology continues to be framed around its role as a capacity builder of women&#8217;s groups and networks, a convenor of alternate spaces for women&#8217;s voices, an advocate for strengthening the environment for the respect, protection and fulfilment of women&#8217;s rights, and a negotiator for state accountability.&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/programme-officer-4477844?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4477844" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 