---
title: "Boston Consulting Group Vacancies Learning & Development Senior Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-16 
excerpt: "Boston Consulting Group is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Learning & Development Senior Specialist which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Boston Consulting Group is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Learning & Development Senior Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></div><div>BCGers are people with extraordinary, and diverse, talents, and have a strong drive to continually improve themselves. The learning and development function supports the growth of BCGers by designing and delivering business-centric learning and development programs and events. In this role, you will own selected SEA training programs and L&amp;D initiatives for Southeast Asia Consulting and Business Services Teams. You will develop and enhance training programs and initiatives in response to business and development needs, and will act as a focal point of contact for learners to navigate the learning resources available at BCG. You will work closely with local, regional and global teams.</div><div>You should be exceptionally strong in building trusted relationships with a wide array of stakeholders and be experienced in learning design and facilitation. You are comfortable working with ambiguity in a fast-paced, multi-stakeholder environment. You should also have excellent as you will be dealing with the high-calibre BCG teams daily.</div><div><strong>Your main responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:</strong></div><div><br>1. Own and deliver training programs with high quality</div><ul><li>Continually push for curriculum and content refinement, incorporating participant and trainer feedback as well as evolving business needs</li><li>In preparation of training events, brief with external and internal trainers, as well as oversee/manage program implementation with L&amp;D Specialist</li><li>Host and facilitate training programs: support trainers by asking probing questions, reinforcing key messages and tying together various sessions from training program</li><li>Engage participants and trainers post program. Analyze program performance, document and implement enhancements</li><li>Baseline and prioritize learning needs that are not currently met by established training programs. Design the learning journey, inclusive of searching for and briefing the right trainers/ coaches and being resourceful to tap into BCG&#8217;s vast L&amp;D network</li></ul><div>2. Be a focal point of guidance to L&amp;D resources</div><ul><li>Point of contact for learners seeking to navigate BCG&#8217;s L&amp;D resources&#8212;live training programs, on-demand resources and other training programs organized by other teams within BCG</li><li>Offer 1:1 guidance support to junior cohorts to ensure they are following their learning journey, and provide basic coaching/ advise and pointing them to resources available to them based on staffing/ personal needs</li><li>Coach learners to drive their own learning and equip them with self-navigation skills</li></ul><div>3. Develop and implement strategic communications plan</div><ul><li>Aggregate, share and celebrate various L&amp;D initiatives and programs to showcase breadth of BCG&#8217;s L&amp;D activities (i.e., not limited to local L&amp;D offering)</li><li>Develop consistent cadence and branding for communication</li><li>Be an ambassador for local L&amp;D initiatives to document and share with other systems/ regions/ BCG global</li></ul><div><strong>YOU'RE GOOD AT</strong></div><ul><li>Strong passion for learning and development/ people empowerment</li><li>Taking on challenges willingly, strong growth mindset</li><li>Taking initiative and strong ownership</li><li>Experienced in learning design and basic facilitation skills</li><li>Strong inner drive for innovation and creativity</li><li>Performing successfully in a fast-paced environment, intellectually intense, service-oriented and deadline driven environment</li><li>Anticipating, identifying, analyzing and solving problems, with attention to detail and accuracy</li><li>Organization and time management skills</li><li>Written and verbal communication skills, with good presence</li><li>Interpersonal skills and strong relationship builder, and community manager</li><li>Working independently and effectively in a virtual team environment, partnering across functions, geographic, cultures and staff levels within BCG</li><li>Experienced or fast learner for new digital tools (e.g. Egnyte, Slack, Trello, etc.)</li></ul><div><strong>YOU BRING (EXPERIENCE &amp; QUALIFICATIONS)</strong></div><div><strong>Education/ Experience</strong></div><ul><li>BA/BS degree required</li><li>8-10 years of experience in learning &amp; development/ HR operations or event management</li></ul><div><strong>Knowledge</strong></div><ul><li>Experienced in learning design, impact measurement</li><li>Equipped with strong communication/ presence, and basic facilitation skills</li><li>Experienced in project management and stakeholder management</li></ul><div><strong>YOU'LL WORK WITH</strong></div><ul><li>You will be part of the SEA Learning and Development team and you will be directly reporting to the SEA Learning and Development Manager.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Our work spans across BCG and BCG's Global Specialty Businesses and is focused on Business Building &amp; Incubation, Business Operations, Consulting, Data Science &amp; Analytics, Design, Finance, Legal &amp; Risk, Marketing &amp; Communications, People &amp; HR, Product Management, Research &amp; Insights, and Technology &amp; Engineering. While our DigitalBCG teams are based in Singapore, they support clients across Southeast Asia, including Malaysia.</div>
<div>
<strong>Who We Are</strong></div>
<div>
	Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we help clients with total transformation-inspiring complex change, enabling organizations to grow, building competitive advantage, and driving bottom-line impact.</div>
<div>
	To succeed, organizations must blend digital and human capabilities. Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives to spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting along with technology and design, corporate and digital ventures&#8212;and business purpose. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization, generating results that allow our clients to thrive.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/learning-development-senior-specialist-4592153?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4592153" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 