---
title: "Aspire Services Sdn Bhd Vacancies Learning and Development Consultant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Aspire Services Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Learning and Development Consultant which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Aspire Services Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Learning and Development Consultant</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>The purpose of the role is to lead as the subject matter expert on the designing, development and delivery of innovative Aspire Lifestyles branded training methodology, standards and curriculum to upheld our &#8220;Extraordinary Every Time&#8221; philosophy.&#160;&#160;</div><div>Facilitating new hire development sessions as well as continuous development through creative learning for tenured team members. Responsible for the development of curriculums and establishes accessible service offerings via established standards and content to enhance the quality of service to Aspire Lifestyles clients and customers.</div><div>Be a custodian of our brand and our values, creating a culture where team members are motivated to learn, spotlighting and celebrating learning successes.</div><div><strong>1. Requirements</strong></div><div>Complete needs analysis for request for learning intervention and establishes supporting plan.</div><div>Working knowledge of Audits and Compliance needs for development intervention standards (PCI DSS, ISO, Aspire Lifestyles Center Standards etc.)</div><div><strong>2. Innovate</strong></div><div>Keep the team members (Service Delivery, Quality &amp; Compliance), Customer and &#8220;Client First&#8221; focus in mind when initiating development interactions with Aspire Lifestyle team members.</div><div>Utilizes an established network of subject matter experts to assist as required.</div><div><strong>3. Plan, Design and Develop</strong></div><div>Plan a sustainable solution for content and structure to support intervention.</div><div>Design and develop learning objectives, interventions and content that are blended in their approach, embrace the established &#8220;Design &amp; Delivery Principles&#8221;, using Group templates that appeal to multiple generations of learners.</div><div>Ensure all Learning &amp; Development service offerings content are maintained by collaborating with Service Delivery, Quality &amp; Compliance, Partnership and Digital team, meeting internal and external client requirements at all.</div><div>Developing bespoke materials and stakeholder content.</div><div><strong>4. Implement</strong></div><div>Ensure that Educate, Expose &amp; Experiential opportunities are included with development interventions.</div><div>Ensure timeous delivery all development initiatives and interactions.</div><div>Maintains and ensure LMS (eLearning) for team members, compulsory e-learning&#8217;s are fulfilled in time and users&#8217; profiles maintained.</div><div><strong>5. Delivery</strong></div><div>Delivers development interventions as required utilizing available resources, technology, and creative mediums as appropriate.</div><div>Ensures that appropriate knowledge checks and necessary remedial action occurs.</div><div>Maintains accurate development records within LMS (eLearning) system.</div><div>Ensures own development takes place including participation in the Group Trainer Calibration process in order to operate at full potential for the organization, enabling own career progression.&#160;</div><div><strong>6. Embed</strong></div><div>Develops activities including (but not limited to): providing knowledge check methods and feedback communications; internal media; coaching, mentoring, calibrations, and skills/knowledge/behaviour.</div><div>Creates energy for learning which inspires our Aspire Lifestyles Service Delivery to live and breathe our brand and values while driving Extraordinary Every Time experience for our clients and our customers.</div><div><strong>7. Evaluate</strong></div><div>Measuring of learning outcomes for sessions exceeding 90 minutes and storing of evaluation outcomes.</div><div>Processes, calculates, analyses, and acts on results from Level 1-4 KPIs in:&#160;evaluating development; spotlighting and celebrating learning success.</div><div>Shares best practices within the organization (i.e. Service Delivery; Quality and Compliance), understands training needs, and ensures that the outcome matches Level 4 KPI expectations.&#160;&#160;</div><div><strong>8. Support</strong></div><div>Supports Aspire Lifestyles Service Delivery team in all other ways (i.e., Quality and Compliance, Managers shifts, etc.), considering such support is approved by administrative manager and falls in accordance with direct Learning &amp; Development responsibilities and is not limiting the latter.</div><div>Support at least one Global initiative per financial year to gain exposure.</div><div><strong>Other Duties</strong></div><div>Works within and promote all International SOS&#8217;s policies, procedures and corporate values.</div><div>Familiar with International SOS&#8217; OH&amp;S policies, practices and procedures and actively participate in the ongoing development and enhancement of these important areas of our business.</div><div>Undertakes project work and other reasonable duties as requested by the Group Learning &amp; Development, Regional Learning, Development and Quality Manager and Head of Aspire Lifestyles.</div><div><strong>Required Work Experience/Knowledge:</strong></div><div>Passion for the development of people and business improvement</div><div>Innovation in the application of the science / art of Learning and Development</div><div>Trust and Respect of Aspire Lifestyles operational policies and procedures</div><div>Client Focus for the delivery of &#8220;Extraordinary Every Time&#8221; Customer Experience</div><div>Computer skills including strong ability to navigate Internet and strong knowledge of Microsoft Office programs (Excel, Word, Outlook).&#160;LMS (eLearning) and content authoring tool</div><div>Geographical awareness and cultural sensitivity</div><div>Geographical awareness and cultural sensitivity.</div><div>Previous Learning and Development experience within an operations or technical environment.</div><div>Project Management experience an advantage.</div><div>Concierge, Hospitality, Luxury or other similar sector operational background (e.g. logistics, security, shared service), banking/hotel/travel industry is an advantage.</div><div>Cantonese knowledge to liase with cantonese speaking stakeholders</div><div><strong>Required Competencies</strong>&#160;(Critical behaviours necessary to successfully perform the job):</div><div><strong>Action Oriented</strong>&#160;- working hard and full of energy for the challenge; not fearful of acting with a minimum of planning; seizes more opportunities than others; willing to pull up sleeves with a hands-on approach.</div><div><strong>Customer Focus</strong>&#160;- dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; gets first-hand customer information and uses it for improvements in training delivery; acts with the customer in mind; establishes and maintains effective relationships and gains trust and respect; has an eye for detail.</div><div><strong>Drive Results</strong>&#160;- be counted on to exceed goals successfully; is constantly and consistently a top performer; very bottom line oriented; steadfastly pushes self and others for results</div><div><strong>Functional/Technical Skills</strong>&#160;- the functional and technical knowledge and skills to do the job at a high level of accomplishment in the field of Learning and development.</div><div><strong>Integrity &amp; Trust&#160;</strong>- widely trusted; is seen as a direct, truthful individual; can present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner; keeps confidences; admits mistakes; doesn&#8217;t misrepresent self for personal gain.</div><div><strong>Motivating Others</strong>&#160;-&#160;a climate in which people want to do their best; motivates teams and/or project members; assesses each person&#8217;s hot button and use it to get the best out of them; pushes tasks and decisions down; empowers others; invites input from each person and shares ownership and visibility; makes each individual feel their work is important; is someone people like working for and with.</div><div><strong>Resilience</strong> -&#160;everything with energy; drives and strives toward excellence for self and others; seldom gives up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Aspire Lifestyles is the global leader in loyalty solutions and Concierge services.</p><p>Engaging our clients&#8217; customers by opening doors to high-touch personalized service, a wealth of special offers, access to extraordinary experiences and delivering extraordinary results, every time.</p><p>Aspire Lifestyles, an&#160;International SOS&#160;Company is a Concierge industry pioneer with nearly 30 years of experience designing and managing high-performance loyalty and Concierge programs. Aspire Lifestyles continues to push the industry to the next level with innovative program design and features. With integrated global operations in 21 markets, robust digital platforms, an unmatched degree of global lifestyle partnerships, and a blueprint for savvy social media marketing, Aspire Lifestyles continues to shape the future of customer engagement and relationship management strategies.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/learning-and-development-consultant-4601159?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4601159" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 