---
title: "Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant Professor in Mathematical and Computer Sciences" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-02 
excerpt: "Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Professor in Mathematical and Computer Sciences which positioned at Putrajaya" 
tags: [Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Heriot-Watt University Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Professor in Mathematical and Computer Sciences</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>The role will be based at the University's campus in Putrajaya, the administrative capital of Malaysia. Programmes will be delivered in English and so fluency in English is essential. An induction programme will be delivered to all new academic staff in August 2021 on Heriot-Watt's standards and values, and to give practical experience on preparation, delivery and assessment of teaching.&#8195;</div><div><strong>Key Duties and Responsibilities</strong></div><div><br>1. Develop relevant materials in appropriate formats for the Data Science programme.&#160; Contribute to the content, design and delivery of the curriculum, and the quality of teaching and learning in consultation with colleagues and within the international structures and mechanisms established by the University.&#160; Review teaching design and delivery by obtaining and analysing feedback from students and peers. Support the accreditation processes of the MQA and other professional bodies.</div><div>2. Undertake teaching and assessment duties on academic programmes. Support colleagues in other Schools at Heriot-Watt University Malaysia in the delivery of courses and other activities to support the delivery of HWUM's aims.</div><div>3. Provide effective, well documented and timely feedback, both formative and summative.</div><div>4. Develop the level of subject expertise in line with latest developments in research and ensure these developments are reflected in teaching materials and methods.</div><div>5. Work collaboratively with colleagues and external networks for the exchange of information, to share learning and to form relationships for future collaboration.&#160;</div><div>6. All HWUM staff endeavours will embody our shared values of: Inspire, Collaborate, Belong and Celebrate.</div><div>Please note that this job description is not exhaustive, and the role holder may be required to undertake other relevant duties commensurate with the grading of the post and its general responsibilities. Activities may be subject to amendment over time as the role develops and/or priorities and requirements evolve.</div></div><div><strong>Person Specification&#160;</strong><div><br>This section details the attributes e.g. skills, knowledge/qualifications and competencies which are required in order to undertake the full remit of the role.&#160;</div><div><strong>Education &amp; Qualifications</strong></div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>PhD in Data Sciences or Computer Science&#160;</li></ul><div>Desirable</div><ul><li>Industry experience in related fields Certificates</li></ul><div><strong>Experience</strong></div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>3+years of Teaching or Training experience</li><li>Clear communicator with good presentation skills and ability to explain concepts well</li></ul><div>Desirable</div><ul><li>Experience teaching in higher education</li><li>Ability to deliver and teach data science courses such as Software Design, Data Structures and Algorithms</li><li>Database Management Application form and interview</li></ul><div><strong>Competencies, Skills &amp; Knowledge</strong></div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>Fluent in English, both written and verbal</li><li>Able to operate within Heriot Watt University Malaysia and liaise closely with the UK.</li><li>Familiarity with Python.</li></ul><div>Desirable</div><ul><li>An ability to apply knowledge acquired from research into teaching materials and methods</li><li>Willingness and potential to identify and develop independent/collaborative portfolio of research</li><li>Familiarity with Java, R, SQL etc. Application form and interview</li></ul><div><strong>Special Factors (if applicable)</strong></div><ul><li>High standards of professional and personal integrity&#160;</li></ul><div>Essential Criteria &#8211; these are attributes without which a candidate would not be able to undertake the full remit of the role.&#160; Applicants who do not clearly demonstrate in their application that they possess the essential requirements will normally be eliminated at the short listing stage.</div>Desirable Criteria &#8211; these are attributes which would be useful for the candidate to hold.&#160; When shortlisting, these criteria will be considered when more than one applicant meets the essential criteria.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Heriot-Watt University Malaysia (HWUM) is a UK university campus based in Putrajaya, Malaysia. HWUM is the second international campus of Heriot-Watt University ("HWU") which is a leading research-intensive UK university, specialising in science, technology, engineering, business, languages, textiles and design. With an international reputation for scientific and technological excellence, the University is truly global in scope and scale with a campus in Dubai, three campuses in Scotland and over 150 partners world-wide.</div>
<div>
	HWUM is operating from a stunning, purpose-built, eco-friendly, lakeside campus that currently has more than 2,000 students. Besides the academic offerings that range from Foundation to Undergraduate and Postgraduate programmes in Business, Engineering, Construction, Actuarial Science and more, the university is a pioneer in Impact-Based and Positive Education aiming at developing Purpose-driven, resilient and world-ready graduates.</div>
<div>
	With highly motivated community, state-of-the-art learning resources and world-class learning and teaching facilities, the Putrajaya campus is a dynamic and stimulating place to study, grow and flourish. Students studying at Heriot-Watt University Malaysia undertake a well-structured developmental programme that takes them in four stages to develop the skills of knowing and leading self, leading teams, leading communities and leading enterprise. This inculcates emotional intelligence, interpersonal and analytical skills sought after by employers. Learning outcomes and standards are identical across all campuses which enables students to seamlessly transfer between campuses.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-professor-in-mathematical-and-computer-sciences-4494526?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4494526" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 