---
title: "Taylor's University Vacancies Education Counselor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-13 
excerpt: "Taylor's University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Education Counselor which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Taylor's University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Education Counselor</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><p><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong></p><p>The Education Counselor, Student Recruitment &amp; Experience (Pre-U, Progression &amp; Undergraduate) is to be accountable for their own 6-step sales pipeline (Lead &gt; Contact &gt; Appointment &gt; Visit &gt; Enrolment &gt; Registration) for National Sales Pre-U, Progression and Undergraduate. That includes all Leads from all Channels. You are not responsible for the international enrolment, but you are required to attend and assist to inform the relevant party.<br><br>You are responsible to provide advice, guidance and information on admissions requirements and related issues to all prospective and existing students on courses offered by the University.</p><p><strong>KEY RESULT AREAS/ RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><p><strong>Growing Enrolment</strong></p><ul><li>To focus on driving National Sales Pre-U, Progression &amp; Undergraduate enrolment and may require to assist in cross-selling of programs at any time.<br>To ensure and work conscientiously towards achieving Taylor's University and Taylor's College growth and recruitment targets set for the year.</li><li>To rigorously follow up with students and parents for conversion via various multi contact-channels</li><li>Ensure that prospective students have a comprehensive and accurate knowledge of the courses offered by the University and college through counseling to enable them to pursue their career choices.</li><li>Ensure that accurate information is given to prospective students and parents regarding admissions requirements, registration, and fees.</li><li>To ensure that all applications are reviewed and processed in accordance with established guidelines to determine admissions eligibility and follow up with students for missing information/ documents.</li><li>To ensure that all scholarships / financial assistance given to the students are in accordance with the Policy and Terms &amp; Conditions set by Taylor's University and Taylor's College.</li><li>To assist in market intelligence and gathering data and information on competitors' offerings.</li><li>To participate in all major student recruitment activities which include, but may not be limited to institutional visits, Open Days, and special events organised to attract potential students.</li></ul><p><strong>Wow Student Experience</strong></p><ul><li>To ensure you follow the framework on Customer Experience.</li><li>To ensure that excellent customer service is always provided to all stakeholders, may it be internal or external which includes the highest standards of prompt and convenient service in all aspects of work.</li><li>To ensure timely responses to all requests with regards to enrolment matters from prospective students and parent for information on the courses offered by the University and college. This will include communication via phone and/or email.</li></ul><p><strong>High Performance Organization</strong></p><ul><li>To ensure that all students data and task activities are accurately maintained and uploaded in Taylor's CRM system. (Sales Force)</li><li>To ensure that you have a clear understanding of your target, the strategy, and your roles.</li><li>To ensure that all processes and procedures are followed from a lead all the way to registration.&#160; &#160;</li><li>To build a solid relationship with the team members and foster a culture of excellent in communication with one another.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Any other responsibilities that may be assigned to you from time to time from your Manager or Head of Department.</li></ul><p><strong>MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p><p>Diploma or Degree in Marketing / Business, Counseling / Social Science / Psychology or related discipline</p><p><strong>RELATED EXPERIENCE</strong></p><p>At least two (2) years of working experience, preferably in an educational institution with involvement in education counseling and/or sales.</p><p><strong>KEY COMPETENCIES</strong></p><p><strong>Profession Competencies</strong><br>1.Strong counselling techniques and selling skills&#160;<br>2. Knowledge and skills in using computer software's e.g. Microsoft software applications.<br>3.Strong customer service background and communication skills.<br>4.Ability to analyse and interpret the needs of students and offer appropriate solutions.<br>5.Ability to work with minimal supervision.<br>6.Good command of English, Bahasa Malaysia and/ or Mandarin.<br>7.Good planning, organizing, coordinating, presentation and time management skills</p><p><strong>Behavioral Competencies</strong><br>1.Self-motivated and results oriented with a drive to succeed and achieve goals&#160;<br>2.Mature team player&#160;<br>3.Strong sense of ownership and responsibility&#160;<br>4.Professional appearance and good working attitude&#160;<br>5.People oriented with warm and cheerful personality&#160;<br>6.Willing to work beyond normal working hours&#160;<br>7.Possess own transport.</p></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>TAYLOR'S UNIVERSITY</strong>&#160;is a leading international university amongst the top 10 Malaysian universities. With an unparalleled reputation for outstanding experience provided to its students, Taylor&#8217;s University is pioneering an approach to university education which aims to develop the intellectual, physical and emotional capability of its students and make them the first choice for employers of graduates. The University plans to build on its strength to move into the league of top 100 Asian universities.</div>
<div>
	Since its inception in 1969, Taylor's has become one of Malaysia's most successful and reputable private high education institutions. Taylor's has continuously provided excellent services for its students in terms of diverse study options, relevant curriculum and teaching methods, ongoing partnerships with leading universities worldwide, strong industry linkages, up-to-date facilities and well-equiped campuses.</div>
<div>
	Taylor's University is also a member of the Taylor's Education Group, which also comprises Taylor's College, Garden International School, Australian International School Malaysia, Sri Garden International School, Nexus International School, Putrajaya and Nexus International School Singapore.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/education-counselor-4505512?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4505512" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 