---
title: "MYWIS SDN. BHD. Vacancies Senior Learning Coach (SLC)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-14 
excerpt: "MYWIS SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Learning Coach (SLC) which positioned at Johor Bahru, Segamat, Taiping, Klang/Port Klang" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, Segamat, Taiping, Klang/Port Klang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MYWIS SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Learning Coach (SLC)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Urgent Hiring for Centre in:</strong></p><ul><li>Klang, Selangor</li><li>Johor Bahru, Johor</li><li>Segamat, Johor</li><li>Taiping, Perak</li></ul><p><strong>Available Position : Senior Learning Coach (SLC)</strong></p><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><p>As a <strong>Branch SLC,</strong> you will report to the <strong>Centre Manager (CM) or Shadow Centre Manager (SCM).&#160;</strong>The Branch SLC is responsible to assist CM or SCM to lead a team of highly dedicated coaches and support staff in providing the best educational experience for our students.&#160;</p><p>You will utilize your knowledge of curriculum development as you support the instructors in developing courses that adhere to the guidelines.&#160;</p><p>You will assist CM or SCM to guide coaches in creating a safe and effective environment for learning and conduct periodic evaluations to identify areas that need improvement.</p><p><strong>Key responsibilities</strong></p><p><strong><em>Coaching:</em></strong></p><ol><li>Follow a full schedule of activities and discover suitable coaching material;</li><li>Achieve KPI set quarterly by Centre Manager;</li><li>Adapts and reassesses lesson plans to meet specific student needs, comply with newly implemented guidelines or rules, and to update relevant information and include new developments in education;</li><li>Manages the diverse ability levels of students;</li><li>Adapts curriculum to fit student needs while maintaining overall class progress;</li><li>Assesses and records student development, while identifying problem areas and areas which need attention and improvement;</li><li>Observe children&#8217;s interactions and promote the spirit of concord;</li></ol><p><strong><em>Daycare Service:</em></strong></p><ol><li>Able to cook lunch and prepare tea break for students if necessary.</li><li>Communicates with any and all other staff members who engage with students;</li><li>Communicates with parents as per school guidelines on a regular basis, including presenting student progress reports and informing parents of requisite student discipline;</li><li>Maintains order and discipline among students while promoting safety and compliance with school rules and guidelines;</li><li>Provides a safe, clean, care, positive learning environment for students;</li></ol><p><strong><em>Training:</em></strong></p><ol><li>Attends occasional continuing education seminars and training;</li><li>Attends and takes part in school meetings and professional development;</li></ol><p><strong><em>Teamwork:</em></strong></p><ol><li>Build strong relationship with team, students and families;</li><li>Hold high expectation for students, staff and families;</li><li>Prepare annual activities together with team;</li><li>STEAM projects, student coaching materials and lesson plan preparation when necessary.</li><li>Relentless, who goes above and beyond what is normally required to ensure that all students achieve success;</li><li>As a leader who takes intelligent risks, problem-solved, and demonstrates integrity, confident, respect and humility;</li><li>As a constant learner who reflects deeply on his/her own strengths and weaknesses and regularly seeks feedback and knowledge to improve his/her coaching practice;</li><li>As an effective communicator with strong verbal and written communication, including correct Mandarin, English, Bahasa, grammar, spelling, punctuation and vocabulary;</li><li>Additional duties as assigned.</li></ol><p><strong>Requirement</strong></p><ul><li>MUST have a Diploma/ Degree in any field (Preferable in Education)</li><li>MUST have a teaching qualification such as certificate or post-graduate diploma in education or teaching, OR a proven record of successful teaching experience</li><li>&#160;At least 2 years&#8217; relevant experience in teaching/coaching</li><li>Computer literacy and excellent communication and interpersonal skills</li><li>Passion for teaching and ability to add value to our team</li><li>Able to write, read and speak in Mandarin, Bahasa Melayu and English</li><li>Posses own transport</li></ul><p><strong>Benefit</strong></p><ul><li>Basic Salary + Incentive + Bonus</li><li>Professional training provided</li><li>Annual bonus</li><li>Profit Sharing based on number of students</li><li>Attractive career path (opportunity to become Business Partner)</li><li>Medical claim after confirmation based on terms and conditions.</li></ul><p><strong>About Mywis Academy</strong></p><p>Founded in 2004, Mywis is a<strong> </strong>daycare for children aged 7-12, transformed in 2019 to become a <strong>STEAM-based Enrichment Daycare</strong>. At Mywis, we believe that every child is born with unique strength and talents.</p><p>Through Mywis forward thinking <strong>ACTIVATION Programme </strong>powered by STEAM, it helps foster your child&#8217;s creative thinking, problem solving and innovative thinking; empower them to be empathetic creators and leaders who are adaptable to change.</p><p>We are preparing children for a STEAM powered future.&#160;</p><p><strong>Our Mission</strong></p><p>Raising A Generation of Leaders with Decency in Both Creativity and Morality</p><p><strong>Our Vision</strong></p><p>Activate the limitless potential of every child and empower them to create a world of tomorrow</p><p><strong>Attractive remuneration and benefits will commensurate with experience and qualifications.</strong></p><p><strong>Interested candidates are requested to apply ONLINE.</strong></p><p><strong>Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Founded in 2004, Mywis is a daycare for children aged 7-12, transformed in 2019 to become a STEAM-based Enrichment Daycare. At Mywis, we believe that every child is born with unique strength and talents. </p><p>Through Mywis forward thinking ACTIVATION Programme powered by STEAM, it helps foster your child&#8217;s creative thinking, problem solving and innovative thinking; empower them to be empathetic creators and leaders who are adaptable to change. </p><p>We are preparing children for a STEAM powered future.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru, Segamat, Taiping, Klang/Port Klang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-learning-coach-slc-4502709?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4502709" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 