---
title: "RISEN SOLAR TECHNOLOGY SDN. BHD. Vacancies Learning & Development Senior Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-18 
excerpt: "RISEN SOLAR TECHNOLOGY SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Learning & Development Senior Executive which positioned at Kulim" 
tags: [Kulim] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>RISEN SOLAR TECHNOLOGY SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Learning & Development Senior Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ol><li><span>Identify training and development needs within an organization&#160;through job analysis, appraisal schemes and regular consultation with business managers and human resources departments.</span></li><li><span>Keep abreast of developments and trends in the training industry and apply knowledge of new developments into the training and learning programs, trends and best practices.</span></li><li><span>Create learning and development policies and processes that are aligned with the organization's objectives and policies.</span></li><li><span>Lead the efforts in executing and coordinating the full spectrum of employee training activities.</span></li><li><span>Conduct Training Needs Analysis (TNA) for all departments to assess employees&#8217; skills, performance, and productivity and identify future development needs/skills gap.</span></li><li><span>Set up regional training database &#8211; manage online learning resources, training videos, assessment, and e-Learning contents to be uploaded in Learning Management System.</span></li><li><span>Analyze and review training feedback&#160;for any improvement on arranged learning session for employees.</span></li><li><span>Responsible for all application and filing of HRDF training grants, submission of HRDF claims and etc.</span></li><li><span>Assist in any of the talent management programs to motivate and enhance the competency of employees.</span></li><li><span>Involve in other HR Training projects as assigned by the HR Manager or General Manager.</span></li></ol><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ol><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Education/Teaching/Training, Human Resource Management or equivalent.</li><li>At least 4-5&#160;Years&#8217; of working experience in Learning &amp; Development, content development and delivery, workforce performance improvement initiatives.</li><li>Well versed and experienced in different industries.</li><li><span>Fluent in spoken and written Mandarin, English and Malay&#160;(must be able to speak and write in mandarin to manage China Expatriate training programs).</span></li><li>Have experience in training or certified trainers are preferred.</li><li>Strong critical analysis, organizing and planning, report writing and presentation skills</li><li><span>Able to work under pressure and with tight timelines.</span></li><li><span>Excellent team player, interpersonal and communication skill.</span></li><li><span>Ability to adapt to a new change, new technology.</span></li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Risen Energy Co., Ltd. was founded in 1986 and listed as a Chinese public company (Stock Code: 300118) in 2010. Risen Energy is one of the pioneers in the solar industry and has committed to this industry as an R&amp;D expert, an integrated manufacturer from wafers to modules, a manufacturer of off-grid systems, and also an investor, a developer, and an EPC of PV projects. Aiming to deliver green energy worldwide, Risen Energy is developing internationally with offices and sales networks in China, Germany, Australia, Mexico, India, Japan, the USA, and others. After years of effort, it has reached a module production capacity of 13GW. While growing rapidly, Risen Energy keeps a stable pace with an average debt ratio of around 60% from 2011 to 2020.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kulim. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/learning-development-senior-executive-4568917?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4568917" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 