---
title: "Cambridge English For Life Sdn Bhd (HQ) Vacancies Centre Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-01 
excerpt: "Cambridge English For Life Sdn Bhd (HQ) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Centre Manager which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cambridge English For Life Sdn Bhd (HQ) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Centre Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><ol><li>To operate the Centre strictly in accordance with the provisions of the operations manual and teacher&#8217;s manuals and to conform in all respects and at all times with the CEFL Franchise Business as modified from time to time all in accordance with the advice and instruction given b HQ from time to time with regard to the operation of the Centre.</li><li>To ensure that the Centre conforms with other businesses operated in accordance with the CEFL Franchise Business with regard to quality, service, value, and cleanliness, the CM/Participant acknowledges that such conformity is of the utmost importance to the successful operation of the Centre and the protection of the goodwill attaching to the Proprietary Marks.</li><li>To procure that the persons responsible for managing the Centre shall attend such further periods of training as may from time to time be required by the CEFL HQ.</li><li>To report on the Centre&#8217;s operations at the monthly Operations Meeting.</li><li>To fulfil the minimum average student enrolment determined b the CEFL HQ if any.</li><li>To maintain sufficient products and supplies and employ sufficient staff to meet the demand from customers of the Centre to permit the efficient operation of the Centre as per the operations manual.</li><li>Diligently to carry on the business of the Centre and to use best endeavours to promote and increase the business income and to co-operate with CEFL HQ and the other CEFL franchisees in this regard.</li><li>To consult with the CEFL HQ regarding the CM/ Participant&#8217;s proposed marketing of the Centre and conduct demographic and marketing studies to identify trends to maximize the effectiveness of marketing efforts.</li><li>To comply with all advice and instruction given by CEFL HQ with regard to the operation of the System, including improvements/ upgrading of the CEFL Franchise Business.</li><li>To comply with all instructions given by CEFL HQ to assist in any events that is planned by CEFL HQ.</li><li>To be involved in other ad-hoc projects as and when assigned by the Company.&#160;</li></ol><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum SPM or equivalent</li><li>Good written and verbal command of English and Bahasa Malaysia. Able to speak Mandarin or any dialect would be an added advantage</li><li>Strong computer skills including Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint</li><li>Must be willing to work overtime hours and weekends as needed</li><li>Excellent organization and communication skills</li><li>Positive attitude towards continuous personal development</li><li>Dependable, responsible, meticulous, detailed &amp; able to work with minimum supervision</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Established in 2001, Cambridge English For Life (CEFL) is the leading provider of accredited ready to launch English language programmes. CEFL is characterised by its unique history, a commitment to quality education, a growing network of centres in Malaysia and a strict adherence to the following guiding principles:</p><p>Working with a trained, qualified and experienced teaching faculty,</p><p>Keeping to its dynamic and proven effective syllabus,</p><p>Offering practical courses of study leading to internationally recognised qualifications (such as the prestigious Cambridge English Language examinations), and</p><p>Developing lifelong skills for all age groups.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/centre-manager-4604482?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4604482" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 