---
title: "AKADEMI GA SDN. BHD. Vacancies Python Programming Instructor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-16 
excerpt: "AKADEMI GA SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Python Programming Instructor which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AKADEMI GA SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Python Programming Instructor</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>All Application MUST be submitted via </strong>General Assembly (akademiga.com)</p><p><strong>GENERAL ASSEMBLY MALAYSIA: PYTHON PROGRAMMING INSTRUCTOR&#160;EXPERT INSTRUCTOR POOL</strong></p><p><strong>Who are we?</strong></p><p><span>General Assembly Malaysia provides digital upskilling and reskilling programs to build Malaysia&#8217;s digital talent pipeline. We help individuals and enterprises meet their digital skills goals through work class programmes in a variety of digital courses including data science, digital marketing, data analytics, and software engineering. Our commitment goes beyond digital literacy, we are advisors who help our learners through their career journey or digital transformation plan. General Assembly Malaysia is a learning organisation which means we strongly believe in helping our people thrive and grow. When you join our community, you will join a community of skilled, motivated and passionate individuals who believe in the importance of upskilling and reskilling the Malaysian workforce with digital skills.&#160;</span></p><p><strong>The job</strong></p><p><span>We are looking for experts in Python Programming to become part of our pool of expert instructors. By joining us, you&#8217;ll have the opportunity to share your knowledge with others, develop your mentorship and teaching skills, build your personal brand and join a global community of Python Programming experts. Our instructors come from a variety of backgrounds including full-time working professionals, freelancers and academics. What they share in common is a passion for sharing their knowledge and industry insights to build talent. If you are selected to become part of our instructor pool, you will automatically be considered for instructor roles whenever relevant teaching opportunities arise. In general, we offer both online and onsite learning. Our full-time classes run from Monday to Friday, 9-5 for 10 weeks and our part-time classes are 2-3 hours in the evenings for 10 weeks.&#160;Our instructor manager will contact you to see if you are available to teach during the required times.</span></p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Instruct learners on topics ranging from Python Programming Fundamentals, Control Flow, Object-Oriented Programming and Troubleshooting in Python.</span></li><li><span>Prepare in advance for classes using the curriculum developed by General Assembly</span></li><li><span>Review and provide feedback on assessments and classwork</span></li><li><span>Provide insights into life in the industry</span></li></ul><p><strong>Skills and Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Lead Instructor</strong><span>&#160;- Minimum 5 years working experience in Python Programming either in academia or industry</span></li><li><strong>Teaching Assistant</strong><span>&#160;- Less than 5 years with work experience in the industry and/or a relevant degree qualification e.g. Python Programming, Software Engineering, Data Science, Data Analytics</span></li><li><span>Strong communication skills</span></li><li><span>Passion for teaching and mentoring others</span></li></ul><p><strong>Instructors Perks</strong></p><ul><li><span>Flexible Scheduling - Choose a timing that works for you, online or onsite</span></li><li>On-Going Training - Opportunity to train, research, and learn in the field of Python Programming on-the-job</li><li>Global Connection - Collaborate with a growing network of fellow instructors and active Python Programming communities</li><li>Competitive pay - Opportunity to earn an additional income at an industry competitive rate</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Who are we?</p><p>General Assembly (GA) is a global pioneer in talent, education, and career transformation, specialising in today&#8217;s most in-demand skills and trusted by 40+ of the Fortune 100. Established in New York in 2011, GA has 33 campuses across the globe with Malaysia being the latest. In Malaysia, Akademi GA partners with GA to offer immersive full-time courses, short-form courses, workshops, and training classes spanning from web development, UX design to product management and digital marketing.</p><p>General Assembly Malaysia is a learning organisation which means we strongly believe in helping our people thrive and grow. When you join our community, you will join a community of skilled, motivated and passionate individuals who believe in the importance of upskilling and reskilling the Malaysian workforce with digital skills.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/python-programming-instructor-4557989?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4557989" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 