---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan & Perundingcara Bright Prospect Sdn Bhd Vacancies Competence Development & Network development Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-01 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan & Perundingcara Bright Prospect Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Competence Development & Network development Manager which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan & Perundingcara Bright Prospect Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Competence Development & Network development Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Formulate and implement Competence Development initiatives for private importers in line with the business needs and strategy.</li><li>Develop and implement network strategy plan that improves the quality and quantity of the dealer network of private importers to meet current and future needs</li><li>Support analysis of local competence development needs for private importers in line with business needs.</li><li>Manage implementation of Learning and Development Programs and Processes as per direction of the company</li><li>Formulate and manage the implementation of a training programs for private importers on Technical/Driver/Service Sales/Sales.</li><li>Implementation and support of Navigator (Competence Portal).</li><li>Regularly evaluate the status of the annual training plan and the effectiveness of training &amp; development programs, processes and policies at private importer.</li><li>Coordinate with&#160; HQ for training requirements, training material and share it to private importers.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirement:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Minimum of 5-10 years&#8217; experience in Aftermarket within automotive industry, preferably in multinational companies, and in Asia</li><li>Customer orientated mind-set and Partnership mind-set with importers</li><li>Existing experience and business acumen of the Japanese truck brand in South East Asia is a major plus</li><li>Thorough understanding of learning/educational concepts, methods &amp; approaches such as learning strategies, needs analysis, learning interventions, training material design and delivery</li><li>Knowledge on competence development /dealer development/network development</li><li>Good understanding of the truck business and good understanding of importer/dealer business.</li><li>Management experience in truck industry is highly recommended&#160;</li><li>Solid understanding of Commercial Aftermarket and importer handling.&#160;</li><li>Excellent communication skills in English (written and oral)</li><li>Proficient in MS Office applications</li><li>Entrepreneurship mind-set (lean, cost and time efficient, focused, creative, accountable)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Now, we are calling the shots. Secure yourself with a job and career at NO COST. Call on and walk in at Bright Prospect. There's something about us. BRIGHT PROSPECT is an established recruitment agency offering free services for jobseekers. With our pool of clients from diverse sectors and industries, we aim to provide you with the solution for your ideal job and career. For candidates who are looking for career advancement, Bright Prospect will be your key to success. It has arrived, right here at your doorstep. We invite initiative and dynamic individuals to fill in the above vacancies.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/competence-development-network-development-manager-4454326?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4454326&sectionRank=3&token=0~533c55b1-ccd9-4c5b-aa3c-1579dd1616b3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 