---
title: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Head of Enrolments and Admissions" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-04 
excerpt: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Enrolments and Admissions which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Enrolments and Admissions</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We are looking for a Dynamic Head of Department to join our Beaconhouse Family!</strong></p><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum Degree in any related field</li><li>At least 7 years working in the education student enrolment field</li><li>At least 3 years of managing the enrolment team</li><li>High competency in speaking and writing in English</li><li>Able to communicate in Mandarin will be highly valued</li><li>Able to generate reports and work with numbers</li><li>Versatile in Excel, Word and PowerPoint</li><li>Dynamic, creative, resourceful and driven</li><li>Excellent communication skills with internal and external stakeholders</li><li>Able to maintain a cheerful disposition in challenging circumstances</li><li>Professional appearance, mature and flexible</li><li>Self-starter attitude and pro-active</li><li>Willing to work beyond normal working hours</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Report to Regional Director/Head of Corporate Communications on Student Recruitment for all schools.</li><li>Work with the Corporate Communications department at the regional office and all schools on student recruitments &amp; marketing activities.</li><li>Propose and implement practical strategies applicable and specific to each school.</li><li>Network with Real Estate Agents, Student Agents, Associations etc.</li><li>Identify potential partnership / collaboration with corporate entities</li><li>Motivate school heads and staff on the ground to meet goals and objectives set.</li><li>Plan and manage schools&#8217; open day, international school fairs, student recruitment events, exhibitions, school visits, etc.</li><li>Work closely with Corporate Communications Dept to generate leads and maintain reasonable conversion rate of student into schools.</li><li>Liaise with school heads on activities to boost student enrolment.</li><li>Ensure smooth registration process for student enrolment at all schools.</li><li>Establish a network of feeder schools in the near vicinity of all Beaconhouse schools.</li><li>Plan &amp; strategize connections with heads of feeder school on collaborations.</li><li>Review plans &amp; strategies periodically to keep in pace with market demand.</li><li>Keep abreast of educational demand and competitions from other schools.</li><li>Supervise all staff functions related to student enrolment.</li><li>Maintain and update records of leads coming from local and international sources.</li><li>Meet target and goals</li><li>Manage all job functions related to student enrolment.</li><li>Periodically provide training to front line staff to improve customer services.</li><li>Able to be hands on with signing up of students.</li><li>Able to take on ad-hoc tasks as and when assigned by line manager.</li></ul><p><strong>Candidates who are interested are welcomed to e-mail us your most updated Resume and Cover Letter to our recruitment mail box indicated in our Beaconhouse Malaysia careers page.</strong></p><ul><li>Indicate your availability to start</li><li>Current and expected salary.</li></ul><p>Thank you and we look forward to working with you!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Beaconhouse Group is considered to be the largest school system of its kind, operating schools in eight countries for over forty three years.</p><p>Beaconhouse Malaysia currently owns and operates twelve schools within the Klang Valley, eight of which are Pre-schools, two Private Primary and Secondary Schools which offer the National Curriculum and two International Schools, offering Cambridge IGCSE Programmes.</p><p>At Beaconhouse we empower and inspire students to reach for excellence and to become independent global learners.We provide a solid foundation from Pre-school to Senior School allowing children to harness their individual character and talent in the pursuit of educational success.</p><p>Our core focus is to deliver high-quality academic programs that enable students to achieve their intellectual potential, develop confidence and lifelong-learning skills to improve their prospects beyond school.&#160;</p><p>With high standards that demand up-to-date teaching skills and a range of challenging programmes, Beaconhouse School System brings success within the reach of every student. As part of our expansion plans, we seek dedicated individuals to join us in the following positions:</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-enrolments-and-admissions-4497936?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4497936" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 