---
title: "CHARTERHOUSE MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD. Vacancies Admin & Library Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "CHARTERHOUSE MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Admin & Library Assistant which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CHARTERHOUSE MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Admin & Library Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Main Duties and Responsibilities</strong><span>&#160;</span></p><p><span>Administration</span></p><ul><li><span>To support the academic and administrative staff in their work</span></li><li><span>To assist the Finance, HR &amp; Operation Manager, Headteacher &amp; Deputy Headteacher to support the academic staff of the School in their teaching duties and administrative staff in their administrative duties to ensure quality of work, fast turnaround time, etc.</span></li><li><span>To assist oversee and coordinate teaching, tutorials, counselling schedules and examination timetables, response to student enquiries, letters, etc.</span></li><li><span>To assist and support the Head to maximize utilization of resources of the School;</span></li><li><span>To assist the Deputy Headteacher of School to provide adequate pastoral care to students in the School. To assist monitor closely the attrition of students of the School and take necessary remedial actions to prevent it;</span></li><li><span>To assist in the preparation of documents and submit the required information to comply with the requirements of the appropriate authorities.</span></li></ul><p><span>Library</span></p><ul><li><span>Collect and catalog library resources including books, films, and publications.</span></li><li><span>Help people locate reference and leisure reading materials.</span></li><li><span>Maintain library records and ensure it is updated.</span></li><li><span>Perform regular audits of the information and inventory on file.</span></li><li><span>Educate patrons on how to properly search for information using the library databases.</span></li><li><span>Oversee the check-out process for books and other resource materials.</span></li><li><span>Organize and host book sales, author signings, and other reading events.</span></li><li><span>Clarify the use of library amenities and provide information about library policies.</span></li><li><span>Make sure the library meet the needs of precise groups of users including postgraduate students and disabled students.</span></li><li><span>To work with the Deputy Headteacher (Academic) and other teaching staff to ensure that the library material is regularly reviewed and updated in line with the curriculum.</span></li><li><span>To manage and be in charge of the library and supervise users at all times.</span></li><li><span>To maintain a good knowledge and understanding of current and classic fiction and non-fiction materials</span></li><li><span>To ensure that the library is clean, tidy and in good repair at all times</span></li><li><span>Instill and promote a love of reading and learning</span></li></ul><p><strong>Personal Outlook</strong></p><ul><li><span>A positive, flexible, &#8216;can do&#8217; attitude to professional duties.&#160;</span></li><li><span>A willingness to work a flexible schedule as circumstances dictate.</span></li><li><span>A genuine love for&#160;working in an education environment.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Excellent standards of personal presentation.&#160;</span></li><li><span>An appreciation of the importance of regular attendance and punctuality.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Enjoyment of working in a positive, collaborative team environment with the values of honesty,&#160;integrity,&#160;and mutual support at the core.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Enthusiasm for engaging with diverse cultures tempered only with high levels of patience and adaptability</span>&#160;</li><li><span>Strong multi-tasker with attention to detail, eager to learn and willing to take responsibility</span></li><li><span>A growth mindset</span></li></ul><p><strong>Qualifications</strong><span>&#160;</span></p><ul><li><span>Educated to degree level</span></li><li><span>Qualification in Library Management or a related field.&#160;</span></li></ul><p><strong>Experience&#160;</strong></p><ul><li><span>A minimum of 3 year&#8217;s work experience in the related field is required for this position.</span></li><li><span>Experience within an International School environment would be an advantage.</span></li><li><span>Good command of both written and spoken English and Bahasa Malaysia is essential.</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>At Charterhouse Malaysia we understand that preparing your children to access the top universities globally, and to be successful and active members of society, is one of the most important roles played by parents. We also appreciate how crucial it is that you choose the right school to be your partner for the final two years of this preparation. Throughout the admissions process, it is our intention to ensure that you have all the information, guidance and support you need to be confident that choosing Charterhouse Malaysia is the right one for your family.</p><p>Our education programme is rooted in our shared history and traditions with our parent school, Charterhouse, in the UK but it has developed into a modern and progressive curriculum that will ensure our students are "Future Ready". It is a curriculum that has design thinking, multiple human intelligences (Spectra Smarts), independent learning projects, service, and entrepreneurial learning, student leadership, and the Charterhouse Learner's Portfolio at its center. It is a programme that coupled with the globally recognised A-Levels will enable students to embrace all the challenges the future holds, and prepare them to access the best universities globally.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/admin-library-assistant-4550482?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4550482" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 