---
title: "University of Reading Malaysia (JB) Vacancies Lecturer in Accounting" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-07 
excerpt: "University of Reading Malaysia (JB) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer in Accounting which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Reading Malaysia (JB) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer in Accounting</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Post Title: Lecturer in Accounting<br>School/Department: Henley Business School<br>Reports to: Head of Henley Business School</div><div><strong>Purpose</strong></div><div><br>Responsible for facilitating students&#8217; learning through lectures, tutorials and seminars at undergraduate, postgraduate and masters levels.&#160;</div><div><br><strong>Main duties and responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>To facilitate students&#8217; learning through lectures, tutorials and seminars at undergraduate, postgraduate and masters levels on topics such as tax accounting, introductory accounting, management accounting, assurance governance and ethics, advanced management accounting and management information.</li><li>To produce high quality teaching and learning material to support and develop student learning at undergraduate and postgraduate levels for interactive face-to-face lectures and e-learning.</li><li>To contribute to the writing of course validation documents as required.</li><li>To contribute to the cross-Faculty development of curriculum and course materials.</li><li>To exercise academic leadership, coordinating the efforts of colleagues to deliver module and programme objectives.</li><li>To be an active member of relevant departmental committees.</li><li>To enhance the quality of taught and research programmes at under-graduate and/or postgraduate levels.</li><li>In the context of the role-holder&#8217;s teaching duties, to make independent decisions on the content of individual learning activities and marking for student assessment purposes, and to provide advice to colleagues on such matters.</li><li>To act as module lead as required, co-ordinating the work of module to ensure modules are delivered to the standards required &amp; co-ordinate the work of colleagues to identify &amp; respond to students&#8217; needs.</li><li>To act upon peer observation feedback, student feedback, and external examiner feedback to maintain high quality in learning and teaching.</li><li>To conduct research or write research articles either individually or in collaboration with peers in the areas of accounting and publish in high impact journals and/or books (either as&#160; article, chapter of a book, case study etc.)</li><li>The ability to observe and work within the University of Reading values and professional behaviours framework:</li><li>http://www.reading.ac.uk/web/FILES/humanresources/humres-Values_for_Working_Together_and_Professional_Behaviours.pdf</li></ul><div><div><strong>Supervision received</strong><br>The post holder will report to the Head of Henley Business School.&#160; In the event that the tasks involve specific programme requirement, the post holder will receive guidance from the specific programme lead.</div><div><strong>Contact</strong><br>The post holder will have frequent contact with staff in Malaysia and the UK as well as students, applicants, and visitors.</div><div><strong>Terms and conditions</strong><br>This post is full-time and permanent. The probationary period applies. The post is based in Malaysia.</div><div>This document outlines the duties required for the time being of the post to indicate the level of responsibility.&#160; It is not a comprehensive or exhaustive list and the line manager may vary duties from time to time which do not change the general character of the job or the level of responsibility entailed.</div><div><strong>Criteria</strong></div><div><strong>Skills required</strong></div></div><div><strong>Attainment</strong></div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>A relevant PhD degree in relevant accounting and/or management accounting.</li></ul><div>Desirable</div><ul><li>A qualified professional accountant, e.g.,&#160; CPA, ICAEW, CIMA or&#160; ACCA.</li><li>Holder of relevant undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications, e.g., BSc and MA / MSc in Accounting.</li></ul><div><strong>Knowledge</strong></div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>Must have suitable expertise to deliver lectures in accounting, management accounting, assurance governance and ethics, management information.</li><li>Good level of subject knowledge with some teaching experience at university level.</li><li>Desirable</li><li>Familiar with e-learning platforms, and experienced teaching online such as Blackboard.</li></ul><div><strong>Relevant Experience</strong></div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>At least one-year relevant teaching experience in higher education.</li><li>Able to demonstrate potential to contribute to development of policy and practice in teaching and learning support.</li></ul><div><strong>Research&#160;</strong></div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>Actively building and engaging with industry and practitioners with clear enterprise strategy.</li></ul><div>Desirable</div><ul><li>A clear research plan to publish in recognised academic journals and apply for research grants.</li></ul><div><strong>Disposition</strong></div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>An ability to keep abreast of, and lead developments in teaching and scholarship their specific to the subject area, demonstrated through e.g. attendance at conferences, external contacts and, where appropriate, publication of research.</li></ul><div><strong>Other</strong></div><div>Essential</div><ul><li>An ability to support students both academically and pastorally.</li><li>An ability to lead and/or work as part of a team.</li><li>Organisational and administrative skills.</li><li>Good presentation and IT skills.</li><li>An awareness of diversity and inclusion within the workplace and in an educational context.</li></ul><div><b>Desirable</b></div><ul><li>Good negotiation and networking skills.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	&#160; &#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; We are an international branch campus of the University of Reading, UK.&#160; Our stunning, modern campus is located in Educity, Iskandar Puteri, a strategic initiative by the government to establish what is now a rapidly-emerging international hub for education.&#160; The campus building is a spacious, eco-friendly facility that houses IT-enabled classrooms, lecture theatre, labs, a learning resource centre and student social areas all under one roof.&#160; As part of Educity, staff and students have access to world-class sports facilities.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; We focus on high-quality teaching and research and offer degrees in professional disciplines that mirror those found on the UK campus.&#160; Schools represented on campus include the renowned Henley Business School, School of Law, School of Built Environment and School of Psychology and Clinical Language Sciences.&#160; We place significant emphasis on the student experience, employability, industry links and supporting the Iskandar community.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong> ABOUT US</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; University of Reading Malaysia (UoRM) is a wholly-owned international branch campus of the University of Reading.&#160; The University of Reading is one the UK&#8217;s leading research intensive universities and is consistently ranked in league tables for its high-quality teaching and research, internationalisation, and graduate employability.&#160; UoRM is an integral part of the University&#8217;s global strategy, together with the NUIST-Reading Academy in Nanjing China and various other international partnerships.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; <strong>ABOUT YOU</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; This is an excellent opportunity to be a part of the dynamic team at University of Reading Malaysia.&#160; You have a great attitude along with energy and enthusiasm.&#160; You are dedicated, self-motivated and able to learn quickly.&#160; You enjoy being part of a team and working with others in a collaborative manner.&#160; You are always professional and respectful.<br><br><strong> COME AND JOIN US</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; University of Reading Malaysia,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; PTD 154972, Persiaran Graduan,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; Kota Ilmu,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; 79200 Iskandar Puteri<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; Johor, Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-in-accounting-4554538?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4554538" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 