---
title: "University of Southampton Malaysia Vacancies Senior Admissions Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-05 
excerpt: "University of Southampton Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Admissions Officer which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Southampton Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Admissions Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job purpose</strong></p><p>Deliver the admissions process efficiently and accurately to support the achievement of UoSM&#8217;s student growth and to improve UoSM positioning and standing within the global Higher Education sector.</p><p>Demonstrate ability to be an effective, efficient and supportive member of the UoSM Recruitment, Admissions, and Marketing (RAM) team to work collaboratively with colleagues within the team and outside the organisation.</p><p><strong>Key accountabilities/primary responsibilities</strong></p><ol><li>Ensure effective and timely implementation of the Admissions life cycle, in line with UoSM service level agreements. This includes effective management of all relevant stakeholders. In carrying out this responsibility ensure adherence to relevant University and Government requirements.</li><li>Ensure entry requirements for all programmes meet or exceed both MQA and UoS entry requirements. Use the Qualifications Equivalency Database (QED) to determine qualification equivalency related to the University entry criteria.</li><li>Be part of the development of the UoSM CRM system and ensure effective use of BANNER and other systems to support the implementation of admissions processes. Undertake conversion activities and record outcomes to enable the activity to be monitored for effectiveness and reviewed, using CRM and database systems.</li><li>To support the Admissions Lead as well as Admissions Committee Chairperson in producing timely and accurate reports and application cases for various purposes including to the Senior Management and the Admissions Committee.</li><li>Support the RAM team in the organisation and operation of UoSM events (on-campus, off-campus, online) including recruitment and marketing activities such as education fairs, school visits, open days and guide on-campus visits (students, parents, school, counsellors and agents).</li><li>Undertake any other appropriate duties following consultation and direction by the Head of Recruitment, Admissions and Marketing.</li></ol><p><strong>Internal and external relationships</strong></p><p>Working alongside both Academic and Professional Service Staff at UoSM and UoS.</p><p>Liaison with both prospective and current students, recruitment agents, school and college counsellors, parents, suppliers and other stakeholders as required.</p><p><strong>Special Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Ability to work flexibly to manage a variety of areas within this role.</li><li>Ability to work outside office hours as and when required.</li><li>Ability to adapt to the changing needs of the institution as it goes through an expansion.</li></ul><p><strong>Person Specifications includes:</strong></p><ul><li>Learning gained through some work experience and training in a similar role. Able to apply basic knowledge of established practice and procedures and display an awareness of customer needs.</li><li>Able to carry out allocated, prescribed tasks on time.&#160;</li><li>Able to use own judgement as to when to seek advice from a more senior colleague</li><li>Able to actively participate in the team.</li><li>Able to maintain a positive outlook and show flexibility to new ideas and approaches, consistently achieving service standards.</li><li>Able to communicate effectively.</li><li>Very good standard of spoken and written English</li><li>Work with meticulous accuracy and high attention to detail.</li><li>Flexibility of working around events; occasional week-end and evening activities.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is a branch campus of the University of Southampton in the UK. The University of Southampton is ranked 97th in the QS World University Rankings 2020 and is a founding member of the Russel Group in the UK. UoSM was established in 2012 and is based in Iskandar Puteri, Johor.</div>
<div>We currently offer an engineering foundation, three undergraduate engineering programmes (MEng Mechanical Engineering, MEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering and MEng Aeronautics and Astronautics),&#160;BSc Accounting and Finance and BSc Business Management and a PhD programme.</div>
<div>The University is also ranked 4th in the UK for Mechanical Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020), 6th in the UK for Aeronautics and Astronautics (The Complete University Guide, 2020) and 3rd in the UK for Electrical and Electronic Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020).</div>
<div>We have ambitious plans to expand our academic portfolio in the near future and move to a new campus in 2021.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-admissions-officer-4605430?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4605430" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 