---
title: "Kindyland Sdn Bhd Vacancies Kindergarten Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-03 
excerpt: "Kindyland Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Kindergarten Supervisor which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kindyland Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Kindergarten Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are looking for an enthusiastic <strong>kindergarten supervisor</strong> to foster and facilitate the intellectual and social development of the children as well as to manage workflow at our facilities. Supervising in kindergarten includes planning, implementing, assessing lessons and administration. You will teach children with patience and creativity. The successful candidate will be people-centered, supportive and flexible in order to get the most of his/her team. You should also be a natural leader that's focused on inspiring employees to own their work and deliver better results.</p><p><strong>Job Descriptions:</strong></p><ul><li>Main duties would be to assist principal in daily administrative tasks and also a teaching role in the school.&#160;</li><li>Present lessons in a comprehensive manner and use visual/audio means to facilitate learning. Provide instructions to students by promoting interactive learning</li><li>Create and distribute educational content (notes, summaries, assignments etc)</li><li>Assess and record students' progress and provide grades and feedback</li><li>Plan and execute educational in-class and outdoor activities and events</li><li>Observe and understand students' behavior and psyche and report suspicions of neglect, abuse etc</li><li>Responsible for entire office administration duties and&#160;maintaining office environment/equipment</li><li>Maintaining and updating company database, prepare regular reports that assigned</li><li>To assist in preparation of documentation such as invoice, data entry</li><li>General administrative and other ad-hoc tasks that assigned by the management as and when required</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree in Early Childhood Education</li><li>At least 3 year(s) of working experience in the education sector is required for this position.</li><li>Strong English language oral and written communication skills</li></ul><p><strong>What do we provide to you for you to succeed?</strong></p><ul><li>Opportunities for career advancement within the company.</li><li>Very attractive salaries that commensurate with work experience.</li></ul><p>Are you ready to elevate your working skills and experience? Click the &#8216;Apply Now&#8217; and you are one step ahead to an outstanding career!</p><p><strong>Feel free visit our website for more info : https://www.kindyland.com.my/</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Kindyland was founded in 2008 by a team of passionate educators who wanted to inspire children to discover their full potential as the future generation of leaders. We pride ourselves on providing a safe and caring environment where children can comfortably develop, setting them up with a strong foundation that will serve as the building blocks of their education.</p><p>Our Kindyland family boasts experienced teachers, most of whom have over 10 years of experience as educators. Their love for your little ones translates directly into their teaching methods, creating a fun learning environment for our students. Their dedication to nurture and shape young characters is what makes Kindyland the educational establishment it is today.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/kindergarten-supervisor-4493997?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4493997" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 