---
title: "Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) Vacancies Examinations Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-05 
excerpt: "Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Examinations Officer which positioned at Negeri Sembilan - Others" 
tags: [Negeri Sembilan - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Examinations Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>The Examinations Officer is responsible for administering all external and internal examinations at the School, ensuring an efficient security system which complies with all regulations set by external bodies.</span></p><p><strong>Key responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><span>To take overall responsibility for day-to-day administration of external and internal examinations and baseline testing held at the School under the guidance and direction of the Head of Secondary (Operations);</span></li><li><span>To administer internal and external examinations, including examination timetables, seating plans, venues for the exams,&#160; invigilation rotas, supply of materials, study leave lists, etc.</span></li><li><span>To provide the Data Administrator and Administrative Assistant (Attendance) with assistance in recording attendance;</span></li><li><span>To register candidates and to make examination entries;</span></li><li><span>To liaise with examination boards and awarding bodies;</span></li><li><span>To answer queries and to respond to requests from students, parents and staff regarding examinations;</span></li><li><span>To ensure applications for special consideration are made and documentation collected;</span></li><li><span>To liaise with the Learning Support Co-ordinator to ensure documentation is in place and arrangements are made for access arrangements;</span></li><li><span>To deal with requests for remarks;</span></li><li><span>To ensure accurate billing of parents for examinations;</span></li><li><span>To process examination data and analysis for presentation to the Principal and other staff;</span></li><li><span>To maintain examination records;</span></li><li><span>To train and brief staff in the administration and invigilation of examinations;</span></li><li><span>To invigilate examinations, as required;</span></li><li><span>To be responsible for managing the invigilation team, including monitoring invigilation performances and dealing with any problems that may arise during and after examinations;</span></li><li><span>To keep up-to-date with and to be well informed on regulations and procedures for all external examinations.</span></li><li><span>To receive, record, file&#160; and disseminate exam results including certificates.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Other Duties</strong></p><ul><li><span>To undertake other administrative duties at the discretion of the Head of Secondary (Operations).</span></li></ul><p><strong>Personal characteristics</strong></p><ul><li><span>High level of personal integrity;</span></li><li><span>Possesses a systematic approach to work, with a high level of attention to detail;</span></li><li><span>Works effectively and efficiently under pressure and can prioritise across multiple tasks;</span></li><li><span>Displays confidence and a strong commitment to delivering professional and exceptional customer service;</span></li><li><span>Highly proficient in spoken and written English;</span></li><li><span>High degree of ICT literacy;</span></li><li><span>A genuine interest in young people and their wellbeing;</span></li><li><span>Affinity with the School&#8217;s ethos and with the values of Kolej Tuanku Ja&#8217;afar.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Application Process</strong></p><p><strong>Please log on to our website and complete the KTJ Application Form (available on the vacancies page).</strong></p><p>Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The successful applicant will be subject to security vetting.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>KTJ is the region's premier International School, established by the Negeri Sembilan Royal Family in 1989. For the last 30 years, our Secondary School has maintained a reputation as being one of the leading British-style, co-education boarding schools in Malaysia. In September 2013, we officially opened our state of the art Primary School, offering modern learning facilities.</p><p>We provide high quality day and boarding education for children aged 3 - 19 years, with a diverse population of students from over 22 different countries across Asia, Europe, Australia and Africa. Our Primary and Secondary School is spread across a green 80 acre site located in the beautiful Malaysian countryside, one hour's drive from Kuala Lumpur.</p><p>KTJ is a registered charity where all proceeds are channeled back into the school. This allows us to offer our students outstanding boarding, learning and sports facilities, with highly-qualified and dedicated teaching staff. Our school aims to produce ambitious, well-rounded and considerate global citizens. Each student has every opportunity to develop independence and high self esteem, ready for the next successful step in their lives.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Negeri Sembilan - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/examinations-officer-4557012?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4557012" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 