---
title: "Skymind Holdings Berhad Vacancies AI Instructor/ Teaching Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "Skymind Holdings Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the AI Instructor/ Teaching Assistant which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Skymind Holdings Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>AI Instructor/ Teaching Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>This position is for vacancies in our Talent Development Team, SKYMIND HOLDINGS BERHAD.</strong></p><p>Job description for AI Instructor/ Teaching Assistant:&#160;</p><ul><li>Deliver technical training ( online / offline) to different crowd of audiences.&#160;</li><li>Design and develop creative learner-centered training programs, modules, and materials in multiple modalities, including blended classroom learning, interactive e-learning modules, videos, device learning labs, job aids, facilitator guides and resource materials.&#160;</li><li>Mentor Technical Curriculum Developers for machine learning, and drive the overall learning curriculum for this area.&#160;</li><li>Work closely with the certification team to ensure alignment of learning assets to credentials and certifications.&#160;</li><li>Work with key vendors and internal stakeholders to ensure accurate, effective training content.&#160;</li><li>Assist in the development of a formalized Train-the-Trainer program for our Authorized Training Center partners and Contractors.&#160;</li><li>Mentor and train internal and external authorized trainers as part of a train the trainer program.&#160;</li></ul><p>Job requirement:</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Master Degree/PHD in Computer Science/Information Technology/Software Engineering/ Data Science or equivalent.&#160;</li><li>5+ years of experience in programming or systems architecture or systems operations or systems administration or technical training or AI/ML.</li><li>Experience conducting classroom training for related technology products and services.&#160;</li><li>Experience in Big Data.&#160;</li><li>Demonstrate intimate knowledge of some combination of Programming, Statistics, Algebra, Python, Machine&#160;Learning experience teaching to a class of students.</li><li>Proven experience designing and developing instructor-led content with technical subject matter content.</li><li>Excellent oral presentation skills, interpersonal communication, and writing skills.</li><li>Experience with at least one main stream deep learning frameworks, including Keras, TensorFlow, Caffe(2), PyTorch, and Deeplearning4j.</li></ul><p>A plus<strong>&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Understanding of machine learning: you should be familiar with the process (data collection, training, evaluation, and making iterative improvements) of building effective learning systems.&#160;</li><li>Experience with data science tools including Python scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn and cloud computing architecture e.g hadoop/spark.&#160;</li><li>Deep Learning experience in the field of Computer Vision, NLP, and/or Reinforcement Learning in solving real-world problems.</li><li>Good math knowledge.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Skymind is the world&#8217;s first dedicated AI ecosystem builder, enabling companies and organisations to develop their own AI applications and provide them with the tools to be innovators in their industry. We provide clients with world-class support and access to Eclipse Deeplearning4j and other open-source tools, as well as global capital funding for promising AI innovation and talent development.</p><p>Through partnerships with leading public and private industry organisations, Skymind is developing the AI infrastructure and generating real-world solutions. The company provides unmatched AI expertise utilising the technology Eclipse Deeplearning4j and other open-source AI software.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/ai-instructor-teaching-assistant-4487581?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4487581" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 