---
title: "Touch Learning & Edu Advisory Sdn Bhd Vacancies Curriculum Coordinator (English Language Centre)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-19 
excerpt: "Touch Learning & Edu Advisory Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Curriculum Coordinator (English Language Centre) which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Touch Learning & Edu Advisory Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Curriculum Coordinator (English Language Centre)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The <em>Curriculum Coordinator</em> will collaborate with academic teams and marketing teams to develop and implement course materials for teaching, learning, and assessment activities to a range of learners.</p><p>The ultimate goal for curriculum design is to deepen learning and support students in gaining important core competencies such as critical and creative thinking, skilful communication and etc. Candidate must passionate about learning and aware of how digital technology has reshaped education.</p><p>Touch English Centre has 4 branches</p><p><em>1) Bukit Indah&#160;2) Sutera&#160;3) Mount Austin&#160;4) Kulai</em></p><p><strong>Requirements of this role :</strong></p><ul><li>Required language: English and Mandarin</li><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/ Degree in education, English teaching, Training, curriculum development or related fields.</li><li>At least two (2) years&#8217; experience in education/teaching/training work that evidences a practitioner&#8217;s understanding of the learning needs of diverse groups of students</li></ul><p><strong>What we are looking for:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Excellent collaboration, and written and verbal communication skills.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Experience in designing, developing and/or delivering student-centred resource materials in print and digital formats for innovative teaching-learning purposes.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Able to work independently and in teams to build and maintain relationships with academic staff in support of students&#8217; learning and assessment needs</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Strong digital and research skills.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Great networking and interpersonal abilities.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Strong planning skills, vision, and creative intelligence.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;A passion for education. Possessing an energetic, inspiring, patient, and dedicated</p><p><strong>Responsibilities of the role:</strong></p><ul><li>Build resource materials for teaching, learning, and assessments for delivery to a range of learners with particular focus on Adult English Course and Young Learner English Course</li><li>Manage the implementation and use of resource materials according to good quality assurance processes and practices.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Conduct ongoing review and Monitoring student progress for continuous improvement on teaching and learning resources.</li><li>Identify professional learning needs of academic teams and develop quality curricula and learning resources to support them in delivering the curriculum to diverse groups of students</li><li>Creating stimulating lesson plans to optimize classroom learning and ensure ongoing learning outside of formal settings and recommending interesting additional resources.</li><li>Creating supplementary teacher and student guides, as well as resource packs to achieve the goals and objectives outlined in the curriculum.</li><li>Collecting feedback from students, teachers, and clients.</li><li>Setting up tests, exams, and other formal and informal assessments to gauge the effectiveness of curriculums.</li><li>Manage to conduct Online Class and In-centre class in interactive way&#160;</li><li>Achieve the KPI requirement in job scope&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Company Overview</p><p><strong>Touch Learning &amp; Edu Advisory Sdn Bhd (Touch English Centre) </strong>was established in 2010 in Johor Bahru with the objective of being one of Malaysia&#8217;s premier English Language Centre and Education Consultancy.</p><p>With 4 branches located near Sutera Utama, Kulai, Mount Austin, and Bukit Indah, we do provide In-Centre and Online&#160;English programmes tailored for teenagers, working adults and children who want to excel in their command of the English Language.</p><p>We are a registered training provider with Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad (PSMB). This training is eligible for Human Resources Development Fund (HRDF) funding from the government. Besides that, we are also an Authorized Registration Centre of IELTS Examinations and Authorized Exam Centre of Cambridge Linguaskill.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/curriculum-coordinator-english-language-centre-4511050?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4511050" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 