---
title: "International University of Malaya-Wales Sdn Bhd Vacancies Deputy Registrar" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-30 
excerpt: "International University of Malaya-Wales Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Deputy Registrar which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>International University of Malaya-Wales Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Deputy Registrar</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p><p><strong>1. Service Delivery</strong></p><ul><li>To lead, develop and manage staff within the remit of the post to provide a professional working environment that enables staff to meet and enhance their potential and which delivers a customer-focused service.</li><li>To advise staff on the University's arrangements for student advice and support, including those for the provision of special requirements or needs.</li><li>To review both standard and non-standard student application and issuance of the offer letter</li><li>To advise staff on the University's policies concerning student discipline, academic appeals and impaired performance</li><li>To monitor the turnaround time for application and credit exemption processing, ensuring the SOP is complied</li><li>To provide timely responses to requests for information, documentation and data.</li><li>To ensure the appropriate and timely communication with staff and students of all activities within the remit of the post so as to foster engagement.</li></ul><p><strong>2. Regulatory framework</strong></p><ul><li>To advise staff on the General Academic Regulations and related programme regulations,</li><li>To advise staff particularly in regard to staff advising students on admissions requirement, and the regulatory requirements for repeating study or transferring programmes, and for progressing to the next year of a programme.</li><li>To work closely with the Secretary of the Senate on students graduation, progression, and termination status</li><li>To draw up policies and Standard Operating Procedures where required and to ensure compliance to the existing ones</li><li>To be informed and updated with any new circulars and policy changes from relevant ministry and regulatory bodies including the internal Quality Department.</li></ul><p><strong>3. Student Record System</strong></p><ul><li>To ensure the effective use of the Student Records System to support delivery and review of programmes.</li><li>To ensure the integrity, accuracy and security of all student records.</li><li>To assist the Registrar in the full implementation of the Pluto and drawing up policies related to Pluto.</li><li><span>Under the guidance of the Registrar, communicate and coordinate with Information and Technology Services regarding records control and various departmental needs and requirements; oversee the development of forms and registration documents for data processing utilization.</span></li></ul><p><strong>4. Student orientation and registration</strong></p><ul><li>To sight and verify original application document during registration day</li><li>To verify the registration of new students on the registration day and to handover the original Letter of Offer</li><li>To conduct student briefing during induction and orientation</li><li>Coordinating induction events and prepare information packs for incoming students</li></ul><p><strong>5. Other</strong></p><ul><li>To participate in relevant University committees and working groups to ensure the development of consistent practice.</li><li>To undertake annual performance and development review.</li><li>To undertake other duties commensurate with the level and status of the post. To participate in official University events and various university committee</li><li>Represent the University at higher education conventions.</li><li>To plan the departmental budget and monitoring of the expenses</li><li>To participate in official University events and various university committee</li><li>Represent the University at higher education conventions.</li><li>Where appropriate, may be required to deputize the Registrar</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Management or related field</li><li>Minimum 5 years of experience in a similar capacity</li><li>Relevant working experience in the education industry is added advantage</li><li>Excellent command of spoken and written English Language</li><li>Computer literate and technology savvy</li><li>Meticulous, honest and high integrity</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div><strong>International University of Malaya-Wales (IUMW)</strong> is a private university located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. IUMW was established based on a mutual partnership between the University of Malaya (UM) &amp; the University of Wales, UK. Leveraging on both universities' outstanding achievement, together with our own band of academicians, IUMW offers an array of undergraduate and postgraduate courses to both local and international students.</div>
<div>&#8203;IUMW aspires to be a comprehensive research-informed university, recognised for its innovative teaching and learning, social services and education management. The International University of Malaya-Wales experience transforms students into lifelong learners, dedicated to service, with the knowledge, skills and confidence to succeed and lead in the region, state, nation and world.</div>
We require candidate with relevant experience leading an academic school or faculty, coupled with a comprehensive knowledge of higher education and private institution, and a style that is proactive, innovative and agile as we embed our new structure. &#160;As change becomes the new norm in our industry, it is important that candidate have the ability to create a culture of excellence, enhancement, collaboration and respect, underpinned by strongly held values</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/deputy-registrar-4553404?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4553404" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 