---
title: "NCUK Vacancies Academic Support and Development Officer (ASD), Asia" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-07 
excerpt: "NCUK is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Academic Support and Development Officer (ASD), Asia which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>NCUK is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Academic Support and Development Officer (ASD), Asia</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Can you succeed in a busy customer services administrative role in a global academic organisation?</p><p>NCUK is seeking an Academic Support and Development Officer to play a key role in delivering our business internationally. Your excellent administrative skills, interpersonal skills and attention to detail will make you ideally suited to provide administrative support to the Academic Development Team to assist them in the provision of a professional, proactive and effective service focusing on teaching and learning support to our study centres.</p><p>Our ideal candidate will be hardworking, an effective team worker, keen to learn and with a great eye for detail.&#160;Candidates should have a minimum degree preferably from a UK university with a minimum of 2-5 years working experience preferably in a customer services team for an educational organisation.&#160;</p><p>We offer a friendly working environment and excellent benefits, including at least 27 days&#8217; holiday plus Malaysian public holidays.&#160;This role will be on a fixed-term 12-month contract with the possibility of renewal and may involve occasional travel within Asia. The candidate will generally be based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.</p><p><strong>Job Purpose</strong></p><p>To provide excellent administrative and customer support for the regional Academic Support and Development (AD) team and aid the provision of a professional, proactive and effective service focusing on teaching and learning support for study centres.</p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities</strong></p><ol><li>To provide administrative support to all areas of responsibility for the Academic Support and Development team focussing on servicing study centres in Asia&#160;</li><li>To input and maintain data relating to activities required by all areas of the ASD team ensuring records are maintained accurately and completely.</li><li>To make practical arrangements for virtual meetings and business travel where appropriate, including booking webinars, rooms, equipment, accommodation, and travel.</li><li>To assist in the accreditation and audit process and ensure that the study centres are prepared to start the delivery of the programmes and are fully equipped prior to the start. This will involve regular engagements with the study centres to understand their level of preparedness.&#160;</li><li>To assist the Associate Director Asia on the reporting on study centres, accreditation activities and also data-related to teachers and students.&#160;</li><li>To assist the Associate Director in the planning and execution of the Prepare to Teach and Prepare to Assess training schedules as well as other support initiatives that are identified during the academic year for study centres. The intent would be to improve their performance and ensure that the students are able to progress well into universities.&#160;</li><li>To provide access to NCUK systems and processes as required.</li><li>To format, proofread and edit documents and digital content.</li><li>To produce accurate minutes of meetings.</li><li>Manage shared ASD email accounts e.g., Non-Standard Entry (NSE) requests</li><li>To administer the NCUK Teachers Hub and Virtual Learning Environment (VLE) e.g. user registrations and create and support content upload and maintenance. The role will include the production of online content which will be in the form of webinars and recorded presentations for upload onto the VLE.&#160;</li><li>To work within the Company&#8217;s systems and processes and adhere to all operating standards.</li><li>To undertake learning and professional development activity suitable for the role.&#160;</li><li>Undertake any other duties commensurate with the status of the post, as deemed necessary by the Associate Director Asia and Academic Division Heads of Department where required.</li><li>To uphold NCUK&#8217;s Values (appended).</li></ol><p>Your job description does not define or limit your duties and you may be required to carry out other work within your abilities, either for your professional development or the business needs.</p><p><strong>Review Arrangements</strong></p><p>Over time the nature of the job may change.&#160;Consequently, NCUK will expect to revise this job description from time to time and will consult with the job holder at the appropriate time.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>History of the Northern Consortium and current group structure</strong></p><p>The Northern Consortium was created in 1987 by a set of northern UK universities to collaborate in the delivery of educational programmes on a transnational basis, and to support the progression or &#8216;placement&#8217; of students from those programmes into UK universities. The Consortium operated initially as a department of UMIST and was active predominantly in Malaysia.</p><p>The founding universities established a Charity in 1993 with the charitable purpose of the advancement of education.</p><p>In 1999 the Northern Consortium became active in China and, in 2003, established a wholly owned operating subsidiary, NCUK, to support its commercial operations.</p><p><strong>What we do</strong></p><p>NCUK develops and maintains academic qualifications that prepare students for entry to university. The company also provides university application support services which assists NCUK students in progressing to university following the completion of their course.</p><p>NCUK franchises delivery of its academic qualifications to delivery partners, and we currently have over 80 delivery partners across 34 countries. NCUK&#8217;s Delivery Partners have an average of around 30 students and our largest partnership, the Sino British College (SBC) in Shanghai, has over 1500 students registered on NCUK pathway programmes.</p><p>NCUK currently has delivery partners worldwide.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/academic-support-and-development-officer-asd-asia-4584047?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4584047" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 