---
title: "Kolej MDIS Malaysia Vacancies Lecturer (Mass Communications)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Kolej MDIS Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer (Mass Communications) which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kolej MDIS Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer (Mass Communications)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>Undertake teaching related duties such as preparation of materials, conduct lectures/tutor, student consultations, assessment based on the approved curriculum</li><li>Ensuring course learning outcome achieved.</li><li>Participating in School Curriculum Committee to develop new courses or to review current courses.</li><li>Preparation of course files or other related documents based on the MQA requirements.</li><li>Monitoring assessment of students such as course work, project work, examinations and maintain up-to-date and accurate records or students progress and achievement.</li><li>Participating in program team activities and act as leaders of a course when needed.</li><li>Assisting in admission, enrolment and induction of students.</li><li>Evaluating students in the workplace during their industrial training.</li><li>Contributing to the implementation of quality assurance policy as part of the college's quality framework.</li><li>providing ample periods for counseling and mentoring students in matters related to academic success, life goals and spiritual development.</li><li>Upholding academic integrity throughout the teaching and learning process.</li></ul><p><strong>Administration</strong></p><ul><li>Contribute into administrative work such as coordinating, attending meetings, participating in events and working groups</li><li>Any other duties assigned to you by the management from time to time</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidates must possess <strong>at least</strong> a Bachelor Degree in Mass Communication <strong>AND </strong>Master Degree in Mass Communication in order to be shortlisted for this of Full Time position (as per MQA's requirements)</li><li>Self motivated</li><li>Required language(s): English, Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>Preferably Lecturers (tertiary) with teaching experience of 3 - 5 years</li><li>Team player but also able to work independently</li><li>Able to work or relocate to Johor</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Taking a step forward in realising its globalisation efforts, the Management Development Institute of Singapore (MDIS) inked a landmark deal with EduCity@Iskandar Sdn Bhd, making it the first private tertiary institution in Singapore to make its foray into Malaysia. This is MDIS&#8217; second overseas campus &#8211; the first being in Tashkent, Uzbekistan &#8211; and also marks the first major deal made by a Singaporean group in Iskandar&#8217;s special economic zone.</p><p>Held in September 2013, the MDIS Malaysia Campus Groundbreaking Ceremony was officiated by YAB Tan Sri Dato&#8217; Hj. Muhyiddin bin Hj. Mohd Yassin, Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia and Minister of Education. The project costs RM300 million and will be carried out in three phases and initially will allow the campus to open its doors to some 2,000 students, but the goal is to allow the campus to cater to over 10,000 students upon the completion of its third phase in 2023. </p><p>MDIS Malaysia is equipped with state-of-the-art infrastructure such as campus-wide WiFi connectivity, fully-equipped computer laboratories, and dedicated lecture theatres. </p><p>MDIS Malaysia offer courses in Business, Tourism &amp; Hospitality, Mass Communication, Information Technology, and Digital Media. All of these courses have already received the Malaysian Qualifications Agency&#8217;s (MQA) approval and relevant course licenses.</p><p>With the addition of MDIS Malaysia, students from the MDIS campuses in Tashkent and Singapore will have the opportunity of a transnational education: something which, with the increasing globalization of economies worldwide, will only become more valuable as time goes by.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-mass-communications-4602151?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4602151" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 