---
title: "City University Malaysia Vacancies LECTURER FOR A-LEVELS (Physics, Biology, Chemistry, Add Maths and Maths)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-04 
excerpt: "City University Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the LECTURER FOR A-LEVELS (Physics, Biology, Chemistry, Add Maths and Maths) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>City University Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>LECTURER FOR A-LEVELS (Physics, Biology, Chemistry, Add Maths and Maths)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></div><div>To be an effective academic and to work closely with administrative colleagues to facilitate learning and research, and the development of knowledge through teaching, research publications, supervision, student advisory and providing services to the university and community.</div>1) Teach a maximum of 24 hours a week<div>2) Key in accurately marks/ grades in the CMS and strictly adhere to the deadline given with regard to following:<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; a. All assignments/ project paper/ industrial training<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; b. Mid&#8211;term exam<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; c. Final exam</div>3) Setting question papers and strictly adhering to the deadline<div>4) Invigilation duties:<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; a. Attend all briefings scheduled<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; b. Be present during examinations scheduled.</div>5) Students performance<div>a. Ensuring that students who have scored a CGPA 2.0/ 2.5 in the subject taught, are given tutorial to improve in their studies.</div>b. Commit to conduct classes effectively to ensure that students understand well the subject taught in order to achieve maximum passing rate.<div>6) Course file:</div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; a. Efficiently maintaining course file for each subject taught.<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; b. Strictly following checklist with regard to notes, assignments and question papers.<div>7) Usage of textbooks - to ensure that textbooks and library books comply with MQA requirements.</div>8) Mentor mentee- Having regular sessions with:<div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; a. Senior lecturer<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; b. Students (as per specified ratio)</div>9) Attendance<div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; i) Lecturer</div>a. Students&#8217; attendance are keyed into CMS within 24 hours<br>b. To ensure that all classes are conducted as scheduled and cancellation of classes kept to the minimum.<br>c. To ensure that all lecturers are punctual to class.<br>&#160;&#160;<br>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; ii) Students<div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Maintaining accurate records with regard to:</div>a. Students attendance<br>b. Immediately report students who skip classes so that the necessary follow up action i.e. warning, can be issued.<br>c. Permitting only registered students attend class. Students not registered to be referred to the Registry.<br>d. Ensuring that all students during lectures are using the ID tag.<div>10) Meeting deadlines and fulfills specific tasks assigned with regards to academic calendar and any other directives.</div>11) Student Retention<div>Commit to ensure student enrolment for each program is maintained and students effectively motivated and guided to avoid dropping out of program.</div>12) Research Publications<div>Ensure publication of at least one (1) personal research publication annually.</div>13) Preparation and Completion of Documents<div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Prepare, compile and complete documents for submission to the relevant authorities in order to receive the needful approvals and accreditation.</div>14) Coordinate with marketing and academic divisions efforts to recruit and retain students. (minimum 2 students/semester)<br>Kindly note, if any of the above duties/responsibilities are not met it shall result in your continued services being reviewed and if the need be, it shall result in cessation of your employment.<div>REQUIREMENTS:</div>&#8226; A PhD or Master Degree from a recognized institution<br>&#8226; At least 3-5 years of working experience in related field (Education/Teaching/Training,Nursing,Culinary Arts, Hospitality Management)<br>&#8226; Have passion in teaching and willing to go to the extra mile to provide quality education to students</div><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Master's Degree, Doctorate (PhD), Biology, Chemistry, Education/Teaching/Training, Mathematics, Physics or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>At least 3 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executives specializing in Education or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	City University Malaysia is the gateway to a bright future for individuals who wish to acquire knowledge and unleash their potential to excel in the field of Science and Technology. We are making significant contributions to the development on our knowledge capital towards a sustainable future of the nation and the region. We are committed to be one of the leading centers of excellence in higher education and to be internationally recognized.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-for-a-levels-physics-biology-chemistry-add-maths-and-maths-4524956?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4524956" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 