---
title: "QS Enrolment Solutions Vacancies Associate Regional Director (Student Recruitment)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "QS Enrolment Solutions is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Associate Regional Director (Student Recruitment) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>QS Enrolment Solutions is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Associate Regional Director (Student Recruitment)</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Position Summary:</strong>This role(1 year contract) will be responsible for partnership development and the recruitment of students to NCUK Partners and the inward conversion to NCUK universities. They will contribute to the development of opportunities to meet or exceed company and regional goals for profitable revenue growth.<br><strong>So what is your role about?</strong><strong>&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>To develop a strategy for regional working with the Global Development Director, in line with NCUK&#8217;s Business Plan.</li><li>To identify prospects leading to the development of new Delivery Partners in strategic locations and in line with the Strategic Framework. To ensure that such prospects will deliver a variety of programmes to achieve NCUK objectives, recruitment, and conversion targets, with a focus on pathway provision.</li><li>To build and enhance relationships with existing clients in order to increase their current expenditure, product portfolio and conversion ratio of students to NCUK universities</li><li>To lead NCUK regional teams to implement the regional student recruitment and conversion strategy and ensure that the student recruitment and conversion targets are met</li></ul><div>&#160;<strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></div><ul><li>Educated to degree level or equivalent qualification, desirably in Marketing or Sales Management qualification or equivalent</li><li>At least 3 years&#8217; experience of business development&#160;and equipped with Project Management Experience</li><li>Expertise at collating, analysing and disseminating market information, including statistical data</li><li>Good numerical skills to understand budgets, pricing proposals and profit margins</li><li>Understanding of the British Higher Education system</li></ul><div>&#160;<strong>What do we provide to you for you to succeed?</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Attractive remuneration and package</strong>&#160;will commensurate with experience and qualification</li><li><strong>Performance Bonus based o</strong>n performance record</li><li>Your<strong>&#160;Medical Claims&#160;</strong>Are On Us</li><li><strong>Training and certification</strong>&#160;sponsored</li><li><strong>Rewards and recognition: Employee Of The Quarter Award</strong></li><li><strong>Work Life Balance Culture: Flexible Working Hours</strong></li><li><strong>Career advancement</strong></li></ul><div><br>Are you ready to elevate your working skills and experience? Click the &#8216;<strong>Apply Now&#8217;</strong>&#160;and you are one step ahead to an awesome career!</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>QS Enrolment Solutions is the global market leader for research and understanding of international and domestic students with offices in Australia, Malaysia and the UK.</p><p>We are a business under Quacquarelli Symonds (&#8216;QS&#8217;), best known for publishing the QS World University Rankings &#8211; the world&#8217;s most popular university ranking system. Like QS, we share the passion for education and innovation, celebrate diversity and collaboration and deliver our service with integrity and empowerment.</p><p>At QS Enrolment Solutions, you&#8217;ll work in global but tight-knit teams, delivering our research, strategy, enquiry, admissions and enrolment services to our clients. You&#8217;ll find yourself communicating with students across the globe, helping them progress through their decision-making journey while gaining unique insight into the student recruitment market.</p><p>Regardless of expertise, know that your work plays an important role in helping students everywhere around the world find the right-fit institution to realise their potential.</p><p>Be a part of QS Enrolment Solutions today.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/associate-regional-director-student-recruitment-4595427?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4595427" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 