---
title: "Curtin University Malaysia Vacancies Lecturer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-11 
excerpt: "Curtin University Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer which positioned at Miri" 
tags: [Miri] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Curtin University Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Lecturer, Human Resource Management</strong></p><p><strong>Contract, Full time</strong></p><p>We are seeking to appoint a teaching and research focus Lecturer to join the Management Department in the Faculty of Business on a contract basis.</p><p>The role holder will be involved in undergraduate and postgraduate teaching and supervision and will be expected to make a significant contribution to research.</p><p><strong>Key responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Deliver high quality teaching and assessment with a commitment to ongoing reflective improvement in teaching.</li><li>Supervise undergraduate and post graduate students&#8217; research projects/studies.</li><li>Conduct high quality research, attract competitive grants and maintain an active record of publications.</li><li>Contribute significantly to academic service, collegiality and engagement and external community engagement activities relevant to the discipline/profession.</li></ul><p><strong>Required subject expertise:</strong></p><p>Business Ethics, Strategic Management, Industrial Relations in Asia Pacific.</p><p><strong>Selection Criteria:</strong></p><ul><li>A PhD qualification in Human Resource Management.</li><li>&#160;At least three (3) years of teaching experience at tertiary level and familiar with online teaching tools.</li><li>High teaching skills and a reflective approach to teaching delivery.</li><li>An emerging record of contribution to scholarship in teaching.</li><li>A strong understanding of pedagogical and contemporary educational practice relevant to the discipline.</li><li>A high level of English verbal and written communication.</li><li>Proven experience and record of supervising higher degree research students.</li><li>&#160;Ability to develop proposals for research funding, design research projects, lead and develop a research team.</li><li>An established record of research output/creative works in high quality refereed academic journals/outlets consistent with the discipline.</li><li>High level communication and interpersonal skills with a commitment to the development of a collegial and supportive working environment and the ability to interact with students and staff with cross cultural sensitivity.</li><li>Contribution to an active role in academic service and proven evidence of effective leadership within the department/faculty level as appropriate to the level of appointment.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>Curtin University Malaysia is the largest international campus of Curtin University, ranked in the top two per cent of universities worldwide and Western Australia&#8217;s largest and most multicultural university. With students and staff from over 45 countries and courses identical to those at the main campus, we offer students an affordable Australian education and unique cross-cultural learning experience in Malaysia.</div>
<div>We strive to provide a welcoming environment founded on Curtin&#8217;s five core values; Integrity, Respect, Courage, Excellence and Impact.&#160; You&#8217;ll find Curtin Malaysia to be a friendly and relaxed place where respect for one another is a part of everyday life. You will discover a very strong sense of community here, and with the help of your colleagues, your transition into the Sarawak community and the campus environment will be an effortless one.&#160; You will become a significant contributor to our progress and an important member of our close knit family.</div>
<div>We are a vibrant institution with an exciting future and we invite you to join us as we move forward and help make tomorrow better.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Miri. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-4481021?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4481021" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 