---
title: "Company Confidential Vacancies Vice Chancellor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-03 
excerpt: "Company Confidential is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Vice Chancellor which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Company Confidential is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Vice Chancellor</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>VICE CHANCELLOR</strong></div><div>The Vice Chancellor is an advocate for all academic programs, providing leadership to faculty and academic staff to ensure consistent quality standards in curriculum and programs that meet the needs of students and for the mission and goals of the University.</div><div>The Vice Chancellor oversees the academic integrity of the university and provides leadership in long-range planning, budgeting, curriculum, and program development.</div><div>The Vice Chancellor ensures compliance with various accreditation agencies as well as Government accreditation and regulation. The Vice Chancellor&#8217;s office is responsible for managing Teaching and Research Excellence, Quality control and Accreditation, Learning Resources, and related administrative activities. The Vice Chancellor reports to the Board of Governors and collaborates with the Deans, Faculty and other administrators to ensure the highest level of academic excellence across the entire university.</div><div>Respect for shared governance and a demonstrated ability to work collaboratively, yet decisively, will be important attributes. Additionally, the successful candidate will have held a senior administrative appointment in a university-system setting with experience working with Board of Governors, administration, and faculty. A sophisticated understanding of financial and operational drivers of performance in a university is critical.<br><br><strong>EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE</strong></div><div>&#8226; A distinguished scholar with academic record to warrant the position of full professor at an established university<br>&#8226; Demonstrated successful experience in progressively responsible teaching, administrative, and educational leadership positions<br>&#8226; Demonstrated successful experience in strategic planning, financial management, resource allocation, and personnel supervision<br>&#8226; Evidence of experience and a strong commitment to the development and support of undergraduate, graduate and post-graduate education<br>&#8226; An appreciative understanding of the challenges that inevitably arise from the operation of an emerging University, with the patience, resilience, and ability to work collaboratively with diverse constituents of an institution to effectively resolve challenges and build opportunities to promote the mission and vision of the University.<br>&#8226; Demonstrated ability to work with faculty, staff, and students as well as community groups of diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, and ethnic backgrounds<br>&#8226; Possess strong professional networks<br>&#8226; Have a spirit and passion for education; demonstrate distinction and/or promise in research, innovation, and other creative work; take prompt actions with determination and be ready to take on new challenges.</div><div>The salary and benefits are competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience.</div>Kindly send your application</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><br>We are an established University seeking a visionary leader with rigorous academic credentials and a record of excellence in education, accreditation, and university administration. The candidate should have a distinguished record of excellence in academia, and strong administrative leadership in the management of a large, complex, and diverse higher education environment to serve as the Vice Chancellor.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/vice-chancellor-4450814?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4450814&sectionRank=18&token=0~a87a5fce-74d2-487f-b420-238c3989fa11&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 