---
title: "Transnational Education Vacancies Student Counsellor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-21 
excerpt: "Transnational Education is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Student Counsellor which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Transnational Education is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Student Counsellor</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Purpose of the job</strong></p><p>The post-holder will be primarily responsible for all aspects of recruitment, processing applications for admissions to the range of Universities, Colleges and Schools represented by group of companies in Malaysia.</p><p>S/he will be working closely with administrative/academic staff across the range of represented institutions and will be liaising with schools, colleges and directly with applicants and their family. S/he will also be expected to participate in education recruitment fairs, when appropriate, and to support other activities in a professional and flexible manner. This varied role requires the exercise of independent judgment and initiative, strong administrative and excellent interpersonal skills.</p><p><strong>Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>Manage the admissions processing of the portfolio universities&#8217; programmes in close liaison with academic departments, applying agreed criteria to ensure that a specific application is consistent with the acceptance criteria of the institution for which the application is made.</p><p>Process incoming applications for all programmes, checking</p><p>qualifications and the authenticity of results.</p><p>Handle telephone and email enquiries from prospective students, their parents, teachers and advisers independently and in a timely and professional manner. Record all stages of each application on a bespoke database.</p><p>Liaise with admission tutors, appropriate academics, accommodation officers , the international offices and other officials to ensure a smooth and professional experience for the applicant for application to arrival</p><p>Ensure that correct procedures are followed when dealing with fraudulent applications, applicants with criminal convictions and under-age applicants.</p><p>Ensure that correct procedures are followed when dealing with international students requiring visas in accordance with that countries&#8217; immigration legislation</p><p>Handle all enquiries in a courteous and helpful way; these may be by telephone, email, letter, fax or in person.</p><p><strong>Flexibility</strong></p><p>This job description is intended to provide a broad outline of the main responsibilities only. The post holder is required to be flexible in developing&#160;their role in agreement with the director. In addition they may be required by the director to carry out any other duty commensurate with their expertise.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Transnational Education was founded in 2014 and is the sister company to the well-established company Study International based in Makati, Philippines.&#160;Located in Kelana Jaya, Malaysia it provides expert independent guidance to students and parents regarding opportunities&#160;to study overseas. The focus of the company is to help any student through the process of research, application, testing and pre-departure arrangements, as well as travel and visa planning for the overseas educational destination.</p><p>Transnational Education works closely with select educational institutions in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Malaysia, Singapore and the United States. Study options range from elementary to post-graduate degree programs through a complete range of budget options.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/student-counsellor-4544702?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4544702" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 