---
title: "People Potential Sdn Bhd Vacancies Learning and Development Consultants" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-16 
excerpt: "People Potential Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Learning and Development Consultants which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>People Potential Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Learning and Development Consultants</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>New hires will be placed on a </strong>developmental track towards becoming international L&amp;D Professionals. Initial placements will <em>probably</em> be rotated in both of the following client-facing units for 2-3 years:</p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Business Development Unit </span><em>(Focus: L&amp;D Needs Analysis and Proposal Writing)</em></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Instructional Design </span><em>(Focus: Research, Design and Development of Programmes)</em></p><p><span>Upon successful completion of the above, the consultant will be placed in one of our Practice Areas, depending on talents, passion and organisational need. Current Practice Areas are:</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Behaviour Change Systems</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Business Presentations</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Instructional Design</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Leadership Development &amp; Culture Change</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Virtual Learning</span></p><p><em>See </em><em>www.peoplepotential.com</em><em> for details.</em></p><p><strong>Responsibilities will include some or all of the following:</strong></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Responding to client enquiries and assessing their L&amp;D needs</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Participating in meetings between clients and consultants/trainers</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Developing product knowledge and consulting skills</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Working with senior consultants/trainers to design interventions</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Preparing standard and customised proposals</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Building trusting relationships and managing client expectations</span></p><p><span>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Working with integrity at all times</span></p><p><strong>Skills and Qualifications:</strong></p><ul><li>Master&#8217;s or PhD (preferably, but not necessarily, in Psychology.)</li><li>Malaysian citizen or holder of relevant residency pass</li><li>Able to pay close attention to detail, including creating and working with checklists within a project management platform</li><li><span>Able to work both independently and in a team</span></li><li>Able to build good working relationships with a range of internal and external stakeholders</li><li>Able to give, receive and apply constructive feedback</li><li><span>Able to meet deadlines</span></li><li><span>Loves to work towards achieving targets</span></li><li><span>Able to follow internal procedures and processes</span></li><li>Wants to become a specialist L&amp;D Consultant in 5 years</li><li><span>Has experience working in medium to large organisations</span></li><li>Strong communication, analytical and reasoning skills</li><li><span>Very good written/spoken English (Bahasa Malaysia will be an advantage)</span></li><li>Good planning and organising skills</li><li>Good problem-solving skills</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint</li><li>A positive and professional attitude</li></ul><p>The professional who fits well in our firm:</p><ul><li>Manages commitments (including daily ones) in ways that do not interfere with attending meetings or working towards tight deadlines.</li><li>Mixes easily with people of diverse backgrounds</li><li>Is resourceful (i.e. does not need high maintenance)</li><li>Is fluent in their core work, and does not need much supervision</li><li>Is willing to be supervised if their competency is low in a particular area, or if the item at hand is critical to the organisation</li><li>Follows company SOPs</li><li><span>Handles fast-paced changes in role or scope of work. </span><em>(If you prefer to work at a steady, consistent pace &#8211; nothing wrong with that &#8211; we&#8217;re not the right organisation for you)</em><span>.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Some of our people-centred practices:</strong></p><ul><li>Open-book policy: All finances are disclosed, including salaries.</li><li>5-day week. Everyone has been working from home since March 2021 and this will probably continue post-pandemic.</li><li>'Reduced-hours full-timer' option for staff who cannot commit to a 40-45 hour week.</li><li>Types of leave: Annual, maternity, paternity, celebration, community service, retreat, care giving, and study leave. No medical certificate is required for short-duration sick leave.</li><li>Everyone on first-name basis.</li><li>Whenever possible, we re-design jobs to fit a person's talents and professional goals.</li><li>We have a no-retrenchment practice (unless totally unavoidable). The pandemic has not led to any retrenchments. However, staff have been let go because of integrity or performance issues.</li></ul><p><span>Some complaints we have heard about our practices and policies:</span></p><ul><li>There&#8217;s lifting bags down two flights of stairs.</li><li>During crunch times the work-week might stretch to 50 hours or more, resulting in late nights or lost weekends. This can happen several times each quarter.</li><li>New hires sometimes have lots of ideas on how to change things, but many of these are deemed unsuitable by senior management. It can be frustrating.</li></ul><p>Awards &amp; Recognition in Malaysia or Singapore (a partial list)</p><ul><li>Best Management Training Provider &#8211; Gold Winner, 2020</li><li>Best Digital Learning Provider &#8211; Gold Winner, 2019</li><li>Best Digital Learning Provider &#8211; Silver Winner, 2019</li><li>Best Management Training Provider &#8211; Silver Winner, 2019</li><li>Best Management Training Provider &#8211; Gold Winner, 2018</li><li>Best Management Training Provider &#8211; Silver Winner, 2017</li><li>SME Employer of the Year, 2017</li><li>Employee Work Life Balance &#8211; Bronze Winner, 2016</li></ul><p><span>To apply, please submit the following:</span></p><ul><li><span>Your CV</span></li><li><span>A 2-minute video of yourself, stating the following:</span></li><li><span>Your name</span></li><li><span>What you like and don&#8217;t like about policies, peers and bosses in current or previous jobs</span></li><li><span>Your top 2 strengths</span></li></ul><p>We will close the processing of applications (and remove this ad) once we have identified suitable candidates. You are encouraged to submit your application as soon as possible.</p><p><span>If you have any questions, email us.</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>People Potential is a multi-award-winning regional Learning &amp; Development consultancy based in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur. Established over 40 years ago, we have worked with multinational corporations (including several dozen on the Fortune 500 list) in 20 countries spread across five continents. Learn more at www.peoplepotential.com.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/learning-and-development-consultants-4567198?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4567198" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 