---
title: "IMPERIUM INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE Vacancies ACCOUNTING LECTURER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-11 
excerpt: "IMPERIUM INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the ACCOUNTING LECTURER which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>IMPERIUM INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>ACCOUNTING LECTURER</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB DESCRIPTIONS:</strong></p><p><strong>Teaching and learning support</strong></p><p>&#8226; Design teaching material and deliver either across a range of modules or within the subject areas of accounting and finance.</p><p>&#8226; Use appropriate teaching, learning support and assessment methods.</p><p>&#8226; Supervise student projects, and/or e.g. field trips and, where appropriate, placements.</p><p>&#8226; Identify areas where current provision is in need of revision or improvement.</p><p>&#8226; Contribute to the planning, design and development of objectives and material.</p><p>&#8226; Set, mark and assess work and examinations and provide feedback to students.</p><p>&#8226; Invigilate examinations</p><p><strong>Liaison and networking</strong></p><p>&#8226; Participate in and help develop internal and external networks for the benefit of the College in the areas of teaching</p><p>Managing people</p><p>&#8226; Mentor colleagues with less experience and advise on personal development.</p><p><strong>Pastoral care</strong></p><p>&#8226; Could be expected to act as a module tutor.</p><p>&#8226; Be responsible for the pastoral care of students within a specified area.</p><p>Initiative, problem-solving and decision-making</p><p>&#8226; Identify the need for developing the content or structure of modules with colleagues and make proposals on how this should be achieved.</p><p>&#8226; Develop ideas promoting the subject areas.</p><p>e.g. Responsibility for the design and delivery of own modules and assessment methods.</p><p>e.g. Collaborate with colleagues on the implementation of assessment procedures.</p><p>e.g. Contribute to the accreditation of courses and quality control processes.</p><p><strong>Planning and managing resources</strong></p><p>&#8226; As module leader or tutor, co-ordinate with others (such as support staff or academic colleagues) to ensure student needs and expectations are met.</p><p>&#8226; Manage projects relating to own area of work.</p><p>&#8226; Participating in developing ideas for generating income.</p><p><strong>Student Activities</strong></p><p>&#8226; If required by the Head of Centre, to lead or be involved in student activities organized by the Centre of college</p><p>Marketing</p><p>&#8226; To support in marketing activities to increase student enrolment, eg. participate in educational fairs, school visits, etc.</p><p>Teamwork</p><p>&#8226; Act as a responsible team member, leading where agreed, and develop productive working relationships with other members of staff.</p><p>&#8226; Collaborate with colleagues to identify and respond to students&#8217; needs.</p><p>&#8226; Undertake any other tasks assigned by the Head of Centre.</p><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum 3 years teaching experience in accounting and related fields</li><li>Has taught at diploma, bachelor and ideally, at masters levels</li><li>Preferably has supervise projects and / or dissertations at least at bachelor level</li><li>Prior work experience in industry will be an advantage.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Imperium International College (IIC) was formerly known as the HELP College of Arts and Technology. Based in Klang, the origin of the name was the Sepang Institute of Technology (SIT), an institution founded in 1996 as a member of the Lion Group.</div>
<div>
	Imperium International College (formerly known as HELP CAT) has grown from strength to strength since its inception in 2011. A multi As a multi-disciplinary education provider, Imperium International College offers a wide range of online and blended learning programs in engineering, culinary, communications and ACCA, amongst others. Imperium International College (IIC) campus at Fraser Business Park, Sungai Besi, was part of the multi-campus development of the IIC. Located within the city of Kuala Lumpur (KL), the college enables students to enjoy the benefits of living and learning in metropolitan of Kuala Lumpur with access to excellent facilities and top academic and professional expertise.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/accounting-lecturer-4564260?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4564260" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 