---
title: "Taylor's University Vacancies Director - Knowledge Transfer and Commercialization" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-09 
excerpt: "Taylor's University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Director - Knowledge Transfer and Commercialization which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Taylor's University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Director - Knowledge Transfer and Commercialization</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><p><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong></p><p>The main role of the Director is to assist the Pro Vice Chancellor (PVC)&#160;Research &amp; Enterprise in providing leadership in Knowledge Transfer and Commercialisation activities in the university.&#160;&#160;The Director is also responsible to harmonise the School's activities with the university's enterprise priorities, and to ensure that it achieves the financial objectives and enhances the reputation of the university.&#160;</p><p><strong>KEY RESULT AREAS / RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>Assist the Pro VC R&amp;E in providing leadership and strategic direction for enterprise initiatives to ensure the execution of the university's enterprise strategy.</li></ul><ul><li>Develop and grow a thriving university ecosystem that fosters innovation, entrepreneurship and commercialisation of research.</li></ul><ul><li>Work with stakeholders to plan for and allocate sufficient resources to support enterprise activities that have impact.</li></ul><ul><li>Engendering Intellectual Property awareness amongst the university community and manage the IP of the university via efficient identification and protection of IP in line with university regulations.</li></ul><ul><li>Assist stakeholders in establishing collaborations internally and externally that supports the enterprise initiatives of the university.&#160;</li></ul><ul><li>Ensuring that the participation of staff in enterprise activities are in line with prevailing university policies and are managed in an efficient and professional manner.</li></ul><ul><li>Support the dissemination of Taylor's scholarly output via services of Taylor's Press.</li></ul><ul><li>Ex-officio General Manager of Taylor's Consultancy Sdn. Bhd (TCONSULT). The General Manager is responsible to direct and coordinate the activities of TCONSULT so that it operates efficiently. He/She crafts the strategy, operational structure and manages budgets and people to drive the outcomes of the business in Consulting&#160;and IP commercialisation in alignment with the University's Strategic Plan.&#160;</li></ul><ul><li>Any other responsibilities that may be assigned to you from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>JOB SPECIFICATIONS</strong></p><p><strong>Minimum Qualification</strong></p><p>8-10 years experience in a Managerial capacity in a relevant discipline or equivalent where at least 3-5 Years were in a non-academic industry.</p><p><strong>Related Experience</strong></p><p>A well respected individual who has extensive experience in managing enterprise activities and consultancy with a track record of excellence in leadership and management.&#160;&#160;He/she should also have&#160;significant experience to plan, lead, oversee and execute plans as per the strategic priorities on the University. A PhD is desirable but not necessary.&#160;</p><p><strong>Key Competencies</strong></p><ul><li>Leadership<ul><li>Managing and providing strategic direction for the development of the Knowledge Transfer and Commercialisation office including organisation(s) and/or entities placed under the responsibility of this office.</li><li>Leading a team of knowledge transfer professionals.</li><li>Developing a thriving enterprise culture by encouraging the academic body to participate in enterprise activities within their areas of interests.</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Liaison<ul><li>Acting as the focal point between the Faculties/Schools and the Research/Scholarly &amp; Development Committee (RSDC).</li><li>Identifying and developing potential academia-industry partnerships</li><li>Disseminating relevant policies related to Enterprise activities to staff through appropriate channels</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Management Support<ul><li>Developing and implementing clear policies to facilitate the growth of enterprise activities.</li><li>Facilitate the process of evaluating income generating proposals and new industry relations with appropriate risk management strategies.</li><li>Developing new business projects arising from academic-industry opportunities.</li><li>Organising and coordinate enterprise based events (i.e. conference, trainings and workshops).&#160;&#160;</li><li>Monitoring the enterprise output targets for Faculties/Schools.</li><li>Reviewing periodically the viability of enterprise activities and propose corrective actions where necessary.</li><li>Assisting the ProVC in preparing the annual Enterprise report for the University.</li><li>Planning and providing trainings and workshops for all levels of academia.</li><li>Facilitating the process of mentorship for new academia.</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Collaborations&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<ul><li>Sourcing and developing enterprise links within and outside the University.</li><li>Work with stakeholders to provide a conducive environment for collaboration.</li><li>Sourcing for new business opportunities externally.</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Other Responsibilities&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<ul><li>Maintaining and updating all records of the enterprise initiatives of the University via the enterprise website, database or other relevant means.</li><li>Disseminating key accomplishments of staff through the University enterprise bulletin and related media publications.</li><li>Carrying out a periodical review of enterprise capacity and capability to inform the university planning priorities.</li><li>Represent the ProVC as required.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Participate in relevant University committees as required by the ProVC or as a function of the position.&#160;</li></ul></li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>TAYLOR'S UNIVERSITY</strong>&#160;is a leading international university amongst the top 10 Malaysian universities. With an unparalleled reputation for outstanding experience provided to its students, Taylor&#8217;s University is pioneering an approach to university education which aims to develop the intellectual, physical and emotional capability of its students and make them the first choice for employers of graduates. The University plans to build on its strength to move into the league of top 100 Asian universities.</div>
<div>
	Since its inception in 1969, Taylor's has become one of Malaysia's most successful and reputable private high education institutions. Taylor's has continuously provided excellent services for its students in terms of diverse study options, relevant curriculum and teaching methods, ongoing partnerships with leading universities worldwide, strong industry linkages, up-to-date facilities and well-equiped campuses.</div>
<div>
	Taylor's University is also a member of the Taylor's Education Group, which also comprises Taylor's College, Garden International School, Australian International School Malaysia, Sri Garden International School, Nexus International School, Putrajaya and Nexus International School Singapore.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/director-knowledge-transfer-and-commercialization-4532235?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4532235" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 