---
title: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd Vacancies General Manager - Education" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-04 
excerpt: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the General Manager - Education which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>General Manager - Education</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We are looking for a highly experienced General Manager - Education to join our Beaconhouse Family!</strong></p><p>This position is responsible for the development and implementation of a cohesive academic and school improvement strategy in line with corporate vision for all curriculum and levels in order to enhance student learning outcomes and achievement</p><p><strong>Core Knowledge Required</strong></p><ul><li>Knowledge of curriculum and teaching methodologies that enhance student learning.</li><li>Comprehensive knowledge of change management in education.</li><li>Schools operations and the issues related to them.</li><li>Opportunities provided by technology for the enhancement of student learning and teacher development.</li><li>Business implications in private education</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Master&#8217;s degree, or higher, in Education from a reputable, foreign university.</li><li>At least 15 &#8211; 20 years of experience and proven track record of teaching and preferably of running a school and of improving schools K -19 nationally or internationally.</li><li>Of which at least 7 years in a senior executive management capacity with a network catering to at least 20,000 students.</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><p><strong>Strategy Formulation</strong></p><ul><li>Formulate the annual academic and developmental plans, in liaison with relevant internal stakeholders.</li><li>Provide supervision and input into the translation of the corporate academic vision and long term strategy into tangible operational plans by internal academic functions.</li><li>Oversee the development of the annual budget for academic initiatives throughout the organisation.</li></ul><p><strong>Curriculum Development</strong></p><ul><li>Formulate policies that facilitate the implementation of standards, through building a nationwide consensus among all key stakeholders and monitor their implementation.</li><li>Determine and implement regional academic priorities.</li><li>Provide oversight and direction into the research and development of new curriculum programmes, in lieu of international trends and internal SEU findings and recommendations.</li><li>Define curriculum and teaching standards and guidelines for all subjects and levels.</li><li>Supervise the evaluation, development and implementation of special pilot programmes or projects.</li><li>Establish standards and guidelines for assessment of all levels and subjects.</li><li>Ensure the implementation of externally produced standardised assessments to compare the effectiveness of BSS curricula, student performance and teaching on an international level.</li><li>Set standards for the use of libraries in supporting the implementation of curriculum.</li><li>Ensure effective operations of libraries and take corrective action as and when required.</li><li>Review the BSS booklist on an annual basis and ensure up-gradation of all school libraries in line with identified benchmarks.</li><li>Review student / staff assessment tools on a regular and on-going basis and analyse performance for effectiveness in improving student achievement.</li><li>Take steps to ensure and enhance student achievement by setting appropriate benchmarks for assessment and improvement programs for low and high achievers.</li></ul><p><strong>School Improvement &amp; Professional Development</strong></p><ul><li>Design and disseminate a school improvement framework that gives all schools the capacity to use data to improve teaching and learning.</li><li>Work with Regional stakeholders to develop and execute comprehensive strategic plans that meet the affective, cognitive, and physical needs of the students in the region.</li><li>Implement mechanisms to hold schools accountable for progress towards the goals set out in the School Improvement Plans.</li><li>Provide scalable instructional program leadership to all school leaders with specific responsibility for planning, development, implementation, assessment and improvement across all current and future schools. Monitor, provide feedback to and evaluate school leaders providing clarity of roles, functions, goals and accountability.</li><li>Develop and lead principals and school heads in their roles as instructional leaders and site managers.</li><li>Establish systems for school improvement and ongoing development and monitors the progress and professional development for all academic staff.</li><li>Supervise the design, dissemination and evaluation of curriculum specific as well as generic teacher training courses and other professional development initiatives.</li><li>Establish standards for designing, conducting, moderating and evaluating professional development courses.</li><li>Provide direction on the evaluation and revision of training programmes.</li><li>Based on reports received with regards to tutor performance, develop action plans to ensure enhanced effectiveness.</li></ul><p><strong>Team Management</strong></p><ul><li>Recruit and train highly qualified resources with the potential to assume leadership positions at a later stage.</li><li>Develop plans to help capitalise on individual leader strengths as well as plans to help them improve and address areas of potential growth with real time feedback.</li><li>Ensure training &amp; development of reporting staff.</li><li>Manage performance of direct reports through objective setting, continuous support and feedback, and formal appraisal.</li><li>Handle administrative concerns including leaves, grievances and other issues.</li></ul><p><strong>Candidates who are interested are welcomed to e-mail us your most updated Resume and Cover Letter to our recruitment mail box indicated in our Beaconhouse Malaysia careers page.</strong></p><ul><li>Indicate your availability to start</li><li>Current and expected salary.</li></ul><p><strong>Thank you and we look forward to working with you!</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Beaconhouse Group is considered to be the largest school system of its kind, operating schools in eight countries for over forty three years.</p><p>Beaconhouse Malaysia currently owns and operates twelve schools within the Klang Valley, eight of which are Pre-schools, two Private Primary and Secondary Schools which offer the National Curriculum and two International Schools, offering Cambridge IGCSE Programmes.</p><p>At Beaconhouse we empower and inspire students to reach for excellence and to become independent global learners.We provide a solid foundation from Pre-school to Senior School allowing children to harness their individual character and talent in the pursuit of educational success.</p><p>Our core focus is to deliver high-quality academic programs that enable students to achieve their intellectual potential, develop confidence and lifelong-learning skills to improve their prospects beyond school.&#160;</p><p>With high standards that demand up-to-date teaching skills and a range of challenging programmes, Beaconhouse School System brings success within the reach of every student. As part of our expansion plans, we seek dedicated individuals to join us in the following positions:</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/general-manager-education-4497983?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4497983" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 