---
title: "UNITAR International University Vacancies Marketing Lecturer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-09 
excerpt: "UNITAR International University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Marketing Lecturer which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UNITAR International University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Marketing Lecturer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are looking for dynamic academician to join us in the areas of <strong>Marketing</strong>.</p><p>Job purpose:</p><p>Responsible for the development, delivery and assessment of academic courses to ensure to ensure programme learning outcomes are achieved as well as providing other academic services and administrative support to improve student experience and Faculty/ School standing and positioning.</p><p>The key responsibilities include:</p><p>1.	Develop or co-develop high quality teaching materials ensuring course and programme learning outcomes are met.</p><p>2.	Communicate and engage with students to provide support on academic, career and personal development matters</p><p>3.	Facilitate the delivery of courses to students in Main Campus and Regional Centre (if any) in the role of Course Leader</p><p>4.	Develop and prepare curricular, course plans, learning materials, assignments and activities for students learning</p><p>5.	Undertake monitoring and assessment of students&#8217; course works and maintain up-to-date and accurate records of their progress and achievement</p><p>6.	Upload, monitor and update learning materials and assessment in UNIEC VIRTUAL for all assigned courses</p><p>7.	Liaise with tutors at the regional centre to monitor the progress of each course at the centres and for quality control purposes</p><p>8.	Liaise with external parties and industry practitioner to provide industry relevant content and delivery of course module to the students</p><p>9.	Prepare, review and moderate multiple sets of Final Exam question for all assigned course, both for non-modular and modular program</p><p>10.	Mark and moderate exam papers under course leadership and those assigned by the faculty within the set deadline</p><p>11.	Key-in exam marks into appropriate system, verify and prepare exam report and course performance report to be tabled during Board of Examiners meeting</p><p>12.	Undertake research/scholarly activities and the supervision of students research and placements as appropriate</p><p>13.	Participate and contribute in the design and delivery of the programmes in the faculty</p><p>14.	Identify and develop new module which include preparing TOC&#8217;s and other relevant documents</p><p>15.	Participate and assist in the preparation of documents for the purpose of submission to accreditation bodies especially MQA</p><p>16.	Contribute to the development of new approaches to teaching and learning</p><p>17.	Contribute to the review of learning programmes and to the implementation of quality improvement action plans, as part of the University quality framework</p><p>18.	Liaise and engage with other department within the University on matters pertaining to teaching and learning</p><p>19.	Attend meetings, training, briefing and other relevant events connected to the fulfilment of the main as lecturer</p><p>20.	Invigilate examinations as and when appointed</p><p>21.	Participate in promotional and marketing events as required</p><p>22.	Other duties assigned by the Head of Department of the immediate superior(s) from time to time.</p><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><p>&#8226; Applicants with PhD in Marketing from reputable university;</p><p>&#8226; Excellent command of both Bahasa Malaysia and English (verbal and written);</p><p>&#8226; Pleasant personality;</p><p>&#8226; Minimum 5 years of related working and teaching experience;</p><p>&#8226; Ability to work collaboratively.</p><p>&#8226; Candidate with industrial experience is an added advantage;</p><p><strong>Please be advised that only shortlisted applicants will be notified either through email or by phone.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>Established in 1997 in Malaysia, UNITAR International University (UNITAR) is owned and managed by UNITAR Capital Sdn. Bhd. (Company No. 842825-T), a reputable, private, higher-learning institution that can provide a platform for your educational success.</div>
<div>UNITAR's Main Campus in Kelana Jaya collaborates with 10 Independent Regional Centres (IRC) throughout the country to assist a combined population of more than 9,000 students nationwide on 60 academic programmes.</div>
<div>The University provides affordable educational programmes at the Foundation, Diploma, Bachelor's, Master's and Doctorate levels to expand the reach of high-quality learning through our conventional and distance learning programmes.</div>
<div>Dedicated to setting the standard in innovative social sciences universities, UNITAR offers a wide and diverse range of programmes covering Business, Technology and Accounting, Education and Communications, Culinary and Tourism, Architecture and Design, Early Childhood Studies and more.</div>


Guided by vision from the past, UNITAR continues to inspire all into the future with an innovative approach of the 21st century teaching and learning called UNITAR Education Core ("UNIEC").</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/marketing-lecturer-4459752?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4459752&sectionRank=7&token=0~7b60a29f-16fd-4139-bdd5-52a9b101e9a8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 