---
title: "University of Reading Malaysia (JB) Vacancies Lecturer in Economics and/or Finance" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "University of Reading Malaysia (JB) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer in Economics and/or Finance which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Reading Malaysia (JB) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer in Economics and/or Finance</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Post Title: Lecturer in Economics/ Finance</strong></div><div><strong>School/Department: Henley Business School</strong></div><div><strong>Reports to: Head of Henley Business School</strong></div><div><div><strong>Purpose</strong></div><div>Responsible for facilitating students&#8217; learning through lectures, tutorials and seminars at undergraduate, postgraduate and masters levels.<br>&#160;</div><div><strong>Main duties and responsibilities:</strong></div>&#8226; To facilitate students&#8217; learning through lectures, tutorials and seminars at undergraduate, postgraduate and masters levels on topics such as real estate&#160; economics and investment, development appraisal and finance, finance and markets, investment strategy and management, and real estate asset management.<br>&#8226; To produce high quality teaching and learning material to support and develop student learning at undergraduate and postgraduate levels for interactive face-to-face lectures and e-learning.<br>&#8226; To contribute to the writing of course validation documents as required.<br>&#8226; To contribute to the cross-Faculty development of curriculum and course materials.<br>&#8226; To exercise academic leadership, coordinating the efforts of colleagues to deliver module and programme objectives.<br>&#8226; To be an active member of relevant departmental committees.<br>&#8226; To enhance the quality of taught and research programmes at under-graduate and/or postgraduate levels.<br>&#8226; In the context of the role-holder&#8217;s teaching duties, to make independent decisions on the content of individual learning activities and marking for student assessment purposes, and to provide advice to colleagues on such matters.<br>&#8226; To act as module lead as required, co-ordinating the work of module to ensure modules are delivered to the standards required &amp; co-ordinate the work of colleagues to identify &amp; respond to students&#8217; needs.<br>&#8226; To act upon peer observation feedback, student feedback, and external examiner feedback to maintain high quality in learning and teaching.<br>&#8226; To conduct research or write research articles either individually or in collaboration with peers in the areas of real estate economics or finance and publish in high impact journals and/or books (either as&#160; article, chapter of a book, case study etc.)<br>&#8226; The ability to observe and work within the University of Reading values and professional behaviours framework:<br>http://www.reading.ac.uk/web/FILES/humanresources/humres-Values_for_Working_Together_and_Professional_Behaviours.pdf<div><br><strong>Supervision received</strong></div><div><br>The post holder will report to the Head of Henley Business School.&#160; In the event that the tasks involve specific programme requirement, the post holder will receive guidance from the specific programme lead.</div><div><strong>Contact</strong><br>&#160;</div><div>The post holder will have frequent contact with staff in Malaysia and the UK as well as students, applicants, and visitors.<br>Terms and conditions<br>&#160;</div><div>This post is full-time and permanent. The probationary period applies. The post is based in Malaysia.</div></div><div><strong>Criteria</strong></div><div><strong>Skills Required</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Attainment</strong><ul><li><strong>Essential</strong><ul><li>A relevant PhD degree in relevant business areas / economics.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Desirable</strong><ul><li>Holder of a post graduate teaching qualification for experienced lecturer.</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><div><strong>Knowledge</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Essential</strong><ul><li>Must have suitable expertise to deliver lectures in economics, quantitative economics, game theory and preferably econometrics.</li><li>Advanced level of subject knowledge and of being an externally regarded lecturer or scholar.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Desirable&#160;</strong></li></ul><div><strong><strong>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;</strong></strong>Familiar with e-learning platforms, and experienced teaching online for associate professor.</div><div><strong>Relevant Experience</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Essential</strong><ul><li>At least three years relevant teaching experience in higher education for senior lecturer.</li><li>Proven and sustained track record of contribution to the development of policy and practice in teaching and learning support.</li></ul></li></ul><div><strong>Research</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Essential</strong><ul><li>Actively researching in relevant business and/or economics area with clear research strategy.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Desirable</strong><ul><li>A track record of publications in recognised academic journals for senior lecturers.</li></ul></li></ul><div><strong>Disposition</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Essential</strong><ul><li>An ability to keep abreast of, and lead developments in teaching and scholarship their specific to the subject area, demonstrated through e.g. attendance at conferences, external contacts and, where appropriate, publication of research.</li></ul></li></ul><div><strong>Other</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Essential</strong><ul><li>An ability to support students both academically and pastorally.</li><li>An ability to lead and/or work as part of a team.</li><li>Organisational and administrative skills.</li><li>Good presentation and IT skills.</li><li>An awareness of diversity and inclusion within the workplace and in an educational context</li></ul></li><li><strong>Desirable</strong><ul><li>Good negotiation skills</li></ul></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	&#160; &#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; We are an international branch campus of the University of Reading, UK.&#160; Our stunning, modern campus is located in Educity, Iskandar Puteri, a strategic initiative by the government to establish what is now a rapidly-emerging international hub for education.&#160; The campus building is a spacious, eco-friendly facility that houses IT-enabled classrooms, lecture theatre, labs, a learning resource centre and student social areas all under one roof.&#160; As part of Educity, staff and students have access to world-class sports facilities.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; We focus on high-quality teaching and research and offer degrees in professional disciplines that mirror those found on the UK campus.&#160; Schools represented on campus include the renowned Henley Business School, School of Law, School of Built Environment and School of Psychology and Clinical Language Sciences.&#160; We place significant emphasis on the student experience, employability, industry links and supporting the Iskandar community.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong> ABOUT US</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; University of Reading Malaysia (UoRM) is a wholly-owned international branch campus of the University of Reading.&#160; The University of Reading is one the UK&#8217;s leading research intensive universities and is consistently ranked in league tables for its high-quality teaching and research, internationalisation, and graduate employability.&#160; UoRM is an integral part of the University&#8217;s global strategy, together with the NUIST-Reading Academy in Nanjing China and various other international partnerships.<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; <strong>ABOUT YOU</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; This is an excellent opportunity to be a part of the dynamic team at University of Reading Malaysia.&#160; You have a great attitude along with energy and enthusiasm.&#160; You are dedicated, self-motivated and able to learn quickly.&#160; You enjoy being part of a team and working with others in a collaborative manner.&#160; You are always professional and respectful.<br><br><strong> COME AND JOIN US</strong><br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; University of Reading Malaysia,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; PTD 154972, Persiaran Graduan,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; Kota Ilmu,<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; 79200 Iskandar Puteri<br>
	&#160;&#160;&#160; Johor, Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-in-economics-and-or-finance-4487189?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4487189" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 