---
title: "Universiti Tun Abdul Razak Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Junior Instructional Designer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-22 
excerpt: "Universiti Tun Abdul Razak Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Junior Instructional Designer which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Universiti Tun Abdul Razak Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Junior Instructional Designer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Junior Instructional Designer assists in the creation of educational experiences for Universiti Tun Abdul Razak (Unirazak) students, faculty, and staff by aiding in the planning, design, and maintenance of online resources. The Junior Instructional Designer will work within the functionality of our Canvas Learning Management System (LMS) to develop content and create excellent experiences for students and staff. They will gain experience in general LMS administration, including online course publishing, end-user technical support, and basic reporting. The Junior Instructional Designer will also provide support to and collaborate with other Instructional Designers by helping create multimedia for large-scale projects, testing course functionality and completing general administrative tasks in the LMS.</p><p><strong>DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p><ul><li>Maintains courses in online Learning Management System (LMS), including attention to issues such as content sequencing, flow of information and relevancy of media and other technologies.</li><li>Designs and implements modern instructional design and engaging user experiences.</li><li>Works with subject matter experts (SMEs) to develop new courses built to university standards of engagement, accessibility, technology, and rigor.</li><li>Drives timelines within the course creation project through use of project management skills to ensure deadlines are met and quality materials are designed.</li><li>Collaborates with URED team to develop and edit courses.</li><li>Answers technical support questions relating to course design and LMS functionality.</li><li>Attends and presents at events, workshops, and trainings sponsored by URED team.</li></ul><p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s Degree (preferred in education/technical writing/instructional technology/information technology).</li><li>At least 1 Year(s) of working experience in the related field</li><li>Experience implementing training in an educational setting.</li><li>Experience in public speaking/presenting.</li><li>Practice using learning management systems.</li><li>Interest in learning the most effective delivery method for training materials.</li><li>Creativity to make eLearning modules understandable, interactive and engaging.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Can speak/write English and Bahasa Malaysia fluently, Experience with Microsoft Office, research, design, review, test and deploy online training resources.</li><li>Previous experience or coursework in one or more of the following areas: multimedia production, digital marketing or design, or online training development</li><li>Experience using content authoring and management tools (e.g., Adobe Suite, Camtasia Studio, Blackboard Collaborate, HTML5, Canvas, Moodle, SCORM, etc.)</li><li>Experience with graphic design in an instructional design context</li><li>Experience applying quality improvement processes and rubrics to ensure standardization of content.</li><li>Preferably Entry Level specialized in Education or equivalent.</li><li>Candidate will act as a Junior Instructional Designer for this job position.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Established in 1997 UNIRAZAK was one of the first private universities in Malaysia. Named after Malaysia's Second Prime Minister, Tun Abdul Razak bin Hussein Al-Haj, UNIRAZAK is dedicated to being at the forefront in innovative teaching and research. It is marking itself out as a leading tertiary institution in providing quality education and graduating work ready enterprising business leaders. UNIRAZAK is unique with a focus on building human capital in high value specialist areas in the transforming economy. If you are a dedicated qualified professional seeking to help nurture Malaysia's entrepreneurial leaders of tomorrow, come and join us.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/junior-instructional-designer-4558191?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4558191" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 