---
title: "Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) Vacancies Cover Supervisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-19 
excerpt: "Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Cover Supervisor which positioned at Negeri Sembilan - Others" 
tags: [Negeri Sembilan - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Cover Supervisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>The Cover Supervisor is responsible for supervising and monitoring students in a variety of contexts, including in the classroom and during examinations.</span></p><p><strong>Key responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><span>To supervise classes when teachers are absent, ensuring students understand instructions, are actively engaged in their learning and complete schoolwork which is set;</span></li><li><span>To invigilate internal and external examinations and tests;</span></li><li><span>To supervise students in other contexts, as required, in both the Primary and the Secondary Schools;</span></li><li><span>To assist the Examinations Office with the co-ordination and delivery of examinations.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Personal characteristics and skills</strong></p><ul><li><span>Good English communication skills, both verbally and written;</span></li><li><span>Good organisational and administrative skills;</span></li><li><span>The ability to work with students to challenge unsatisfactory conduct effectively and appropriately;</span></li><li><span>The ability to work positively with everyone in the school community;</span></li><li><span>An enthusiastic, self-motivated and flexible approach;</span></li><li><span>The ability to take the initiative;</span></li><li><span>Excellent attention to detail;</span></li><li><span>Good degree of ICT literacy;</span></li><li><span>A genuine interest in young people and their wellbeing;</span></li><li><span>Affinity with the School&#8217;s boarding ethos and with the values of Kolej Tuanku Ja&#8217;afar.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Application Process</strong></p><p><strong>Please log on to our website and complete the KTJ Application Form (available on the vacancies page).</strong></p><p>Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The successful applicant will be subject to security vetting.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>KTJ is the region's premier International School, established by the Negeri Sembilan Royal Family in 1989. For the last 30 years, our Secondary School has maintained a reputation as being one of the leading British-style, co-education boarding schools in Malaysia. In September 2013, we officially opened our state of the art Primary School, offering modern learning facilities.</p><p>We provide high quality day and boarding education for children aged 3 - 19 years, with a diverse population of students from over 22 different countries across Asia, Europe, Australia and Africa. Our Primary and Secondary School is spread across a green 80 acre site located in the beautiful Malaysian countryside, one hour's drive from Kuala Lumpur.</p><p>KTJ has won the International School of the Year Award 2021. This award from the Boarding Schools' Association recognises schools outside of the UK that deliver excellence in boarding, facilities and student support.</p><p>KTJ is a registered charity where all proceeds are channeled back into the school. This allows us to offer our students outstanding boarding, learning and sports facilities, with highly-qualified and dedicated teaching staff. Our school aims to produce ambitious, well-rounded and considerate global citizens. Each student has every opportunity to develop independence and high self esteem, ready for the next successful step in their lives.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Negeri Sembilan - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/cover-supervisor-4570677?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4570677" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 