---
title: "Dassault Systemes Innovation Technologies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Learning Specialist - Instructional Designer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-17 
excerpt: "Dassault Systemes Innovation Technologies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Learning Specialist - Instructional Designer which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Dassault Systemes Innovation Technologies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Learning Specialist - Instructional Designer</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Imagine New Horizons&#8230;</strong></div><div><br>DELMIA, a part of Dassault Syst&#232;mes, is looking for a new team member ready to contribute to Dassault Syst&#232;mes (3DS) growth and strategy by finding the most qualified Talent for today and tomorrow in a broader context of global digital transformation of our own function.</div><div>You have dreams? You enjoy a challenge? Here at Dassault Syst&#232;mes, we empower people and energize passion to change the world and create the future. Let&#8217;s open new horizons together with the power of 3DEXPERIENCE virtual universes!</div><div>Shape your career with 3DS! #WeAre3DS</div><div><strong>What will your role be:</strong></div><ul><li>Content: Along with the business stakeholders and 3DS University College owners, define Learning &amp; Certification program. Work with Subject Matter Experts to scope, design and develop learning content (e.g. e-Learning, web conference, classroom training)</li><li>Services: Participate in the learners communities (Passion to Learn, MooC Communities&#8230;). Contribute to explain and demonstrate the value of our assets to employee and external ecosystem. Set operations and metrics to monitor &amp; manage quality of 3DS Certification &amp; Learning offer through user satisfaction and learning efficiency within the Role</li><li>Define &amp; Create Learning Contents &#8211; Learning Content Developer:<ul><li>Define Learning Content outline and validate external offer as part of 3DS Learning catalog</li><li>Continuously improve the level of interactivity and pedagogy in 3DS learning offer, by providing pedagogical guidance and methods to internal experts and by ensuring learning contents pedagogical quality</li><li>Manage release of 3DS Learning Content portfolio and ensure it is always up-to-date</li></ul></li><li>Deliver Internal Learning Content:<ul><li>Run Learning Content - Internal facilitator</li><li>Deliver internal instructor-led sessions and ensure the continuity in the overall skills acquisition process by providing advices, best practices and circle back with peers and management of trainees</li></ul></li><li>Define &amp; Create Supporting Media:<ul><li>Participate in the development of various learning-supporting media such as videos and podcasts</li><li>Contribute to the development of the Program and course catalogs</li></ul></li></ul><div><strong>Your Challenges ahead:</strong></div><ul><li>Define, develop and deliver best in class Learning and Certification programs to 3DS employees, Partners, Academic &amp; Customers</li></ul><div><strong>Your key success factors:</strong></div><ul><li>Degree / Master&#8217;s Degree / MBA in Learning &amp; Development preferred or any related Degree with Organizational Development or Organizational Psychology that comes with 1 to 2 years related working experience.</li><li>Learning and development experience in a high tech international environment and/or expert in a specific domain with strong pedagogical skills will be advantage</li><li>Technical knowledge of Learning Management systems and eLearning tools Experience in coordinating Trainings Education &amp; development experience Instructional design, Adult Learning Theory, Coaching</li><li>Authoring tools (e.g. Moodle, Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate)</li><li>Familiar with Design tools (e.g. Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign)</li><li>Content creation tools (e.g. MS Office suite, video creation, graphic editing)&#160;</li><li>HR Methods, Process &amp; Tools Project Management</li><li>Influencing skills</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Dassault Syst&#232;mes, "The 3DEXPERIENCE Company", provides businesses and individuals with the virtual worlds they need to design sustainable innovations. Its market-leading solutions transform the design, manufacture and maintenance of their products for its customers. Dassault Syst&#232;mes&#8217; collaborative solutions promote social innovation and offer new possibilities to improve the real world through virtual universes. With sales in more than 140 countries, the Group brings value to more than 250,000 companies of all sizes in all industries. For more information: www.3ds.com</div>
<div>
		3DEXPERIENCE, the Compass logo and the 3DS logo, CATIA, SOLIDWORKS, SIMULIA, DELMIA, ENOVIA, GEOVIA, EXALEAD, BIOVIA, NETVIBES, 3D VIA, 3DEXCITE are registered trademarks of Dassault Syst&#232;mes or its subsidiaries in the USA and / or in other countries.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/learning-specialist-instructional-designer-4580388?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4580388" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 