---
title: "IDP EDUCATION LIMITED Vacancies Education Counselor - International Student Recruitment (UK and Ireland) Johor Bahru" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-31 
excerpt: "IDP EDUCATION LIMITED is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Education Counselor - International Student Recruitment (UK and Ireland) Johor Bahru which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>IDP EDUCATION LIMITED is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Education Counselor - International Student Recruitment (UK and Ireland) Johor Bahru</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>About Us:</strong></p><p>IDP Education is a global leader in the international education industry which operates a number of related business lines including; international student placement; English language testing;&#160;and English language Training.&#160;We are a rapidly growing global organization with ambitious future expansion plans.</p><p>IDP Education is a publicly listed company in Australia. Education Australia, a company representing 38 prestigious Australian Universities, owns 50% of the shares in the business with the remaining 50% held by public investors.</p><p><strong>Business Structure&#160;</strong></p><p>IDP&#8217;s global team is led by Andrew Barkla, IDP Education&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer. The Global Leadership Team comprises our Chief Strategy Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Manager People and Culture and our five Regional Directors, who are responsible for managing the complete operations within geographic areas.</p><p>Each Regional Director is responsible for the management of the P&amp;L performance of the region, the management of the offshore network of country offices that are involved in Student Placement, Testing and English Language Training, as well as delivering outstanding service to our students, candidates, clients and partners.</p><p><strong>Student Placement</strong></p><p>We are a world leader in assisting international students find the right overseas study option for them, with a global network of more than 80 student placement centers in over 30 countries. IDP has placed more than 400,000 international students over the past 45 years.</p><p>Our experienced education counsellors are well-trained to support and provide professional guidance to international students. At IDP Education, students come first and we are committed to helping students choose the right course and achieve their desired study outcomes.</p><p><strong>IELTS&#160;</strong></p><p>IELTS is the International English Language Testing System and is jointly owned by British Council, IDP: IELTS Australia and Cambridge English Language Assessment. IELTS is the world&#8217;s most popular high stakes English language test, accepted for study, work and migration; with more than 2.5 million tests taken across 140 countries in the last 12 months. IDP has more than 400 test locations in over 50 countries.</p><p>Over 9,000 organizations, such as universities, employers, immigration authorities and professional registration bodies in 135 countries, recognize IELTS scores and rely on IELTS for education, immigration and professional purposes.</p><p><strong>English Language Teaching</strong></p><p>IDP Education has been involved in English language teaching since 1988. Today it runs English language schools in Thailand and Cambodia, and partners with UTS: INSEARCH in the Australian Centre for Education and Training (ACET) in Vietnam.</p><p><strong>Our People</strong></p><p>IDP Education&#8217;s ongoing success comes from our highly committed and caring employees around the globe. We encourage teamwork in order to leverage our people's diverse talents and expertise through effective collaboration and cooperation throughout our business.</p><p>We strive to provide a working environment where people are encouraged to excel, be creative and seek new ways to solve problems, take initiative, generate opportunities and be accountable for their actions.</p><p>We believe in developing dynamic, inclusive work places that encourage and celebrate cultural differences and views, and provide opportunities for personal, professional and career development all around the world. We respect diversity in our people: their ideas, work styles and perspectives as well as offering flexibility to ensure employees enjoy a satisfying balance of work and personal life.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>To finalize applications, provide excellent counselling services to students, and establish a good relationship with clients to ensure smooth conversion. The position will also be involved in events, exhibitions and promotions of IDP and its affiliates/ clients</li></ul><p><strong>Key Performance Area</strong></p><p><strong>Customer service/Business acumen</strong></p><p>&#183; Provide counselling services and information on the UK &amp; Ireland education and related to customers (students/parents).</p><p>&#183; Provide accurate, efficient and quality service that exceeds customer&#8217;s expectation</p><p>&#183; Attend to students&#8217; queries quickly and professionally</p><p>&#183; Attend to students&#8217; complaints tactfully and professionally</p><p>&#183; Maintain a high degree of response towards customers confidentially Client satisfaction</p><p><strong>Client satisfaction:</strong></p><p>&#183; Develop a good rapport between students and clients</p><p>&#183; To ensure a good conversion of students for clients</p><p>&#183; To provide local support services e.g. school visits, appointments, etc.</p><p>&#183; Maintain friendly &amp; professional relationships with all stake holders including universities &amp; students Quality of work</p><p><strong>Quality of work:</strong></p><p>&#183; To develop a cut-off score file and ensure that it&#8217;s updated regularly</p><p>&#183; Accuracy of information</p><p>&#183; Ensure that the contact details of the clients are accurate and updated when there&#8217;s changes</p><p>&#183; To maintain a good student database for follow up</p><p>&#183; No wrong information given to students</p><p>&#183; A close follow up with students</p><p>&#183; Keeping in touch with new students</p><p>&#183; Reduce number of complaints</p><p>&#183; Increase conversions</p><p>&#183; Good rapport and follow up with students</p><p>&#183; To ensure students paid up through IDP when the final decision is made</p><p>&#183; Manage to convert lead to applicant and APF as per agree outcome</p><p>&#183; Deliver the number of APF as per set target Technical &amp; Professional Knowledge</p><p><strong>Technical &amp; Professional Knowledge:</strong></p><p>&#183; Competent knowledge of the UK &amp; Ireland education</p><p>&#183; Competent knowledge of the UK &amp; Ireland culture, life style and geographic region</p><p>&#183; Competent knowledge of university courses and careers outlook</p><p>&#183; Competent knowledge of migration rules &amp; regulations</p><p>&#183; Possess relevant computer skills</p><p>&#183; Take ownership of problem and seeks timely solutions Team Work</p><p><strong>Team Work:</strong></p><p>&#183; Common goal of achieving set targets in terms of student services numbers Communication</p><p><strong>Communication:</strong></p><p>&#183; Good communication skills to liaise with students and client institutions</p><p>&#183; Daily communicate with different people at different levels in English languages</p><p>&#183; Regular communication to the Student Services Manager of Student Services section&#8217;s work outcomes, issues, recommendations</p><p><strong>Organization &amp; Planning:</strong></p><p>&#183; Provide informative report and feedback of all marketing activities e.g. outreach, school visits to manager</p><p>&#183; Provide respective application data &amp; statistics to management Essential Requirements</p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><p><strong>Essential Requirements:</strong></p><p>&#183; Knowledge of the UK &amp; Ireland, and local education system</p><p>&#183; A Bachelor&#8217;s or higher degree in any discipline (or work experience equivalent)</p><p>&#183; Good interpersonal and communication skills in English&#160;</p><p><strong>Desirable Requirements:</strong></p><p>&#183; Ability to handle multiple tasks under pressure and meet deadlines</p><p>&#183; Must have the ability to work and operate in a team and demonstrate team work skills</p><p>&#183; Good computer skills</p><p><strong>Background/reference check </strong>is <strong>mandatory </strong>for IDP upon shortlisted.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>IDP is a global leader in international education services. We help international students study in English speaking countries. Our success comes from connecting students with the right course in the right university or institution and the right country.</div>
<div>IDP Education is a global leader in the international education industry which operates a number of related business lines including; international student placement; English language testing; English language Training; and Hotcourses. &#160;We are a rapidly growing global organisation with ambitious future expansion plans.</div>
<div>IDP Education is a publicly listed company in Australia. Education Australia, a company representing 38 prestigious Australian Universities, owns 50% of the shares in the business with the remaining 50% held by public investors.</div>
</div>
<div><br>
Our Brand Values recognise our Expertise, Quality, Caring, Integrity and the Communities we work within.</div>
<div><br>
We strive to continuously develop our dynamic, inclusive work places, we encourage and celebrate cultural differences and views, and we provide opportunities for personal, professional and career development.<br>
&#160;</div>
<div>IDP leads the world in assisting international students find the right overseas study option. An established specialist in study in Australia, IDP also assists international students with study in the USA, Canada, UK and New Zealand. Today over 225 leading universities across 5 English speaking destinations are IDP clients.</div>
<div><br>
IDP Education also manages and co-owns the IELTS test &#8211; the leading test of English language proficiency for study and migration. British Council and University of Cambridge (ESOL Examinations) are the other owners. IELTS, the world's leading English language proficiency test, is delivered at over 450 test locations in 121 countries. IDP&#8217;s fellow IELTS partners are the British Council and Cambridge University.&#160; Over 6000 universities, education providers, government and professional bodies rely upon IELTS to assess an individual's English language proficiency for the purpose of study, migration and professional practice. IDP IELTS test centres are operational in more than 35 countries.</div>
<div>IDP 's services for students include:</div>
<div>- Free processing of applications to Australian universities, colleges and schools</div>
<div>- Impartial and comprehensive information on the Australian education systems.</div>
<div>- Counselling on study options.</div>
<div>- Visa application service.</div>
<div>- Seminars, interviews and pre-departure orientation.</div>
<div>- Assistance with arrangement of accommodation.</div>
<div>- Airline travel and banking referral.</div>
<div>- Testing centre of IELTS.<br>
<br>
&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/education-counselor-international-student-recruitment-uk-and-ireland-johor-bahru-4521586?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4521586" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 