---
title: "UNIVERSITY OF CYBERJAYA Vacancies Dean, Faculty of Psychology" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-20 
excerpt: "UNIVERSITY OF CYBERJAYA is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Dean, Faculty of Psychology which positioned at Cyberjaya" 
tags: [Cyberjaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UNIVERSITY OF CYBERJAYA is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Dean, Faculty of Psychology</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>We are seeking for a dynamic, competent, and visionary candidate to lead our Faculty of Psychology as the Dean. The Faculty is one of 6 faculties at the University of Cyberjaya, a top-tier university which has been accorded with a 5-star (Excellent) SETARA rating by the Ministry of Higher Education.</span></p><p><span>As the Dean you are required to provide exceptional leadership and management for the Faculty while ensuring that the Faculty maintains the highest standards of academic excellence and quality. As the head of all academic and administrative matters of the Faculty, you will monitor and work towards continuous improvement on the faculty&#8217;s teaching and learning, research, and programme delivery for all 6 of its programmes.</span></p><p><span>You will also be responsible for the execution for various strategies for growth with the aim of increasing student enrollment and developing of new programmes that will further strengthen the University&#8217;s profile. In this matter you will also oversee and manage the Faculty&#8217;s budget and allocated resources to maximise efficiency and results.</span></p><p><span>To be successful in this role, you will need to be a subject matter expert in the field of Psychology with a keen understanding of various academic and regulatory issues. You will also need to be able to understand shifting trends in the education and healthcare industry to enable you to advise the University Senate and Management in making strategic academic and business decisions. Under your guidance the Faculty is expected to be one of the significant contributors to the delivery of the University&#8217;s 5-Year Strategic Plan.</span></p><p><span>In this role you will provide guidance and motivation to all the members of the Faculty in ensuring that we give our best for the future of our students. This includes commitment and passion towards teaching and learning as well as collaborating with industry partners to establish networks with potential employers who will provide training, internship, and future job opportunities for students. Under your guidance the Faculty&#8217;s graduates are to be leading professionals in their chosen profession and they will continue to carry the banner of the University of Cyberjaya.</span></p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Work with the member of faculty in developing and overseeing undergraduate and graduate programmes;</li><li>Work cooperatively with the deans from other faculties and the senior management team towards the development and achievement of the mission and strategic plans of the University;</li><li>Identify, design, and develop new potential programmes that will ensure sustainable growth of the University;</li><li>Formulate strategies for the growth of the Faculty;</li><li>Lead the establishment of industry partner network to enable collaboration in terms of research, training, and employment opportunities for graduates;</li><li>Work closely with industry partners to be able to understand the industry needs and to develop academic programmes to meet such needs;</li><li>Establish collaborations and partnership with other institutions of higher educations and research;</li><li>Represent the Faculty and the University in conferences, seminars, working groups and in the press or public appearance, if required; and</li><li>Responsible for the talent management of the Faculty, including assisting talents in their professional development and ensuring the diversity of talents within the faculty.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>The candidate must have a Ph.D.&#160;in&#160;Psychology&#160;or&#160;any&#160;related&#160;sub-speciality. Candidate with a full Professor or an Associate Professor recognition will have an advantage;</li><li>Able to hold fiscal&#160;responsibility&#160;and&#160;having the ability&#160;to&#160;manage&#160;budgets;</li><li>Must have proven&#160;leadership&#160;and&#160;management/supervisory&#160;experience;</li><li>Able to&#160;foster&#160;collaborative&#160;efforts&#160;by&#160;building&#160;partnerships&#160;with local and international&#160;agencies;&#160;</li><li>Have the experience in attracting and securing resources through fundraising efforts;</li><li>Able to&#160;maintain&#160;and&#160;develop&#160;strong&#160;and viable undergraduate&#160;and&#160;professional programmes,&#160;and to maintain programmes accreditation;</li><li>Have the ability&#160;to&#160;articulate&#160;a&#160;clear&#160;vision&#160;for&#160;the&#160;future&#160;of&#160;the&#160;Faculty and to develop and implement strategic and tactical plans for the faculty.</li><li>Candidate must have excellent interpersonal skills; good oral and written communication skills and presentation skills; and</li><li>Having strong skill sets in the English language is a must;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>University of Cyberjaya (UoC) is a top-tier university in Malaysia as reflected in the latest Malaysian Qualification Agency&#8217;s SETARA ratings which has accorded UoC a Tier 5 (Excellent) rating on par with leading public universities. Established in 2005, the university is located in Cyberjaya, Malaysia&#8217;s first smart-city on a 5 acre, modern, fully equipped, green-friendly campus. The campus is surrounded by lush greeneries and provides a serene, conducive environment for student living and learning.</p><p>UoC now offers more than 20 programmes including degrees and masters and doctorate level postgraduate research courses in a wide variety of disciplines including medical sciences, pharmaceutical sciences, psychology, physiotherapy, homeopathic medical sciences, biomedical technology engineering and business among others.</p><p>In the knowledge industry, an institution&#8217;s greatest assets are its employees. We are committed to the development and growth of our employees and will continue to provide the necessary support and motivation in an ever evolving industry. And that is why we are the 2015 Gold Winner for the prestigious US-based Workforce Magazine&#8217;s Optimas Award for Managing Change.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Cyberjaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/dean-faculty-of-psychology-4542772?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4542772" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 