---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan Hays (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Head of Enrolment" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-15 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan Hays (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Enrolment which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan Hays (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Enrolment</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>A well renowned Global School is looking to hire a Head of Enrolment to be based in Selangor.<br><br><strong>Your new company</strong><br>This prestigious School based in Selangor require a hands-on, Head of Enrollment to join its large, dynamic business.<br><br><strong>Your new role</strong><br>In your new role, you will be reporting to the Regional Director. Your job responsibilities will be:</p><ul><li>Work on student recruitment &amp; marketing activities.</li><li>Propose and implement practical strategies applicable and specific to each school.</li><li>Identify potential partnership / collaboration with corporate entities</li><li>Motivate school heads and staff on the ground to meet goals and objectives set.</li><li>Plan and manage schools' open day, international school fairs, student recruitment events, exhibitions, school visits, etc.</li><li>Work closely with Corporate Communications Dept to generate leads and maintain reasonable conversion rate of student into schools.</li><li>Liaise with school heads on activities to boost student enrolment.</li><li>Ensure smooth registration process for student enrolment at all schools.</li><li>Plan &amp; strategize connections with schools on collaborations.</li><li>Review plans &amp; strategies periodically to keep in pace with market demand.</li><li>Stay up to date with educational demand and competitions from other schools.</li><li>Supervise all staff functions related to student enrolment.</li><li>Maintain and update records of leads coming from local and international sources.</li><li>Meet target and goals</li><li>Periodically provide training to front line staff to improve customer services.</li><li>Able to be hands on with signing up of students.</li><li>Able to take on ad-hoc tasks as and when assigned by line manager.</li></ul><p><br><strong>What you'll need to succeed</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum Degree in any related field</li><li>English &amp; Bahasa Malaysia (Fluent), Mandarin an added advantage</li><li>At least 7 years working in the education student enrolment field</li><li>At least 3 years of managing the enrolment team</li><li>High competency in speaking and writing in English</li><li>Able to generate reports and work with numbers</li><li>Versatile in Excel, Word and PowerPoint</li><li>Dynamic, creative, resourceful and driven</li><li>Excellent communication skills with internal and external stakeholders</li><li>Able to maintain a cheerful disposition in challenging circumstances</li><li>Willing to work beyond normal working hours</li></ul><p><br><strong>What you'll get in return</strong></p><ul><li>In return for your commitment and experience within the Education industry, you'll be rewarded with, a competitive salary and additional benefits.</li><li>Excellent opportunity with one of the most attractive employers in the business.</li><li>Opportunity to grow within the organization.</li></ul><p><br><strong>What you need to do now</strong><br>Interested candidate that fulfill the requirements, can apply directly, by clicking the link provided or contacting Samantha Lim at Samantha.lim@hays.com.my or at +603-76118689.<br><br>If you feel like you would like to know more about this opportunity or have any questions, please feel free to contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		With over 10,000 staff in 34 markets, Hays is the expert at recruiting qualified, professional and skilled people worldwide. We operate across the private and public sectors, dealing in permanent positions, contract roles and temporary assignments across 20+ specialisms.</div>
<div>
		Hays has been in Malaysia since 2012 and boasts a track record of success and growth. We are the largest specialist recruitment agency in Malaysia with two operating offices in the Klang Valley, located in KLCC and Sunway. With over 100 specialist consultants providing mid to senior level permanent recruitment services across both finance and commerce industries, we have the breadth and depth of expertise in the world of work. As a measure of our influence and success, we have world-leading ISO 9001:2008 certification, have been named &#8216;Best Accountancy &amp; Finance Recruiter, Asia&#8217; in the CFO Innovations Awards for seven consecutive years, and is the most followed recruitment company in Malaysia and the world on LinkedIn.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-enrolment-4506548?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4506548" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 