---
title: "Chumbaka Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Tech & Design Consultant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-30 
excerpt: "Chumbaka Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Tech & Design Consultant which positioned at Cyberjaya" 
tags: [Cyberjaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Chumbaka Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Tech & Design Consultant</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>Our work consistently revolves around the theme of Making, Innovation, Technology, and Education. We are looking for calibre minds with a thirst for learning, to shape the future of Education through an innovative lens.&#160;</span></p><p><strong>We are looking for Tech &amp; Design Consultant who will be able to:&#160;</strong></p><ul><li><span>Commit for a minimum of 2 years&#160;</span></li><li><span>Prepare, review, revise, and maintain technical documents, including learning manuals, system operations, testing, and user documentation</span></li><li><span>Gather and analyze technical and product information from various sources to document new or changing product functionality</span></li><li><span>Write, format, edit, review, and proofread procedural and technical information for technical and nontechnical users</span></li><li><span>Assist in planning, scheduling, and tracking documentation work to meet product release dates and client deliverables</span></li><li><span>Maintain a library of application documentation, cataloging it for internal and/or external use</span></li><li><span>Publish and maintain templates for written documentation produced by others (technical specifications, RFP responses, etc.), ensuring a consistent "look and feel."</span></li><li><span>Communicate with product designers and technical developers to understand product details</span></li></ul><p><strong>Who are we looking for?&#160;</strong></p><ul><li><span>Bachelor's Degree, preferably in a technical field such as Computer Science, and/or a focus on English, writing, or communications</span></li><li><span>1-2 years of experience will be considered. Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply</span></li><li><span>Excellent writing, editing, and communication skills (particularly in English)&#160;</span></li><li><span>Basic programming skills&#160;</span></li><li><span>Google-ing &amp; investigative skills</span></li><li><span>Proficient in Google Apps&#160;</span></li><li><span>Can work effectively as part of a team</span></li><li><span>Fast learner, self-driven, and &#8220;can-do&#8221; attitude</span></li><li><span>(If any) Experience in presenting technical information in a live setting, such as classroom training, presentations, or video conference</span></li></ul><p><strong>Working Hours&#160;</strong></p><p><span>Working hours are typically around 37 to 45 hours per week. Hours are often flexible, but some programmes require weekend work.&#160;</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>OUR PURPOSE</p><p>Develop children&#8217;s life skills by inspiring them to create with technology</p><p>Just like how sports instil discipline, we use technology as a platform to develop life skills.</p><p>When we use the navigation app on our phones, we stop asking for direction. We no longer learn how to interact with people. When we play computer games, we let the game developers do the thinking.</p><p>Using technology to a certain extent deprives our children opportunities to think deeply, interact with people, and become creative.</p><p>Our children need to learn to create with technology instead&#8212;develop games, design toys, build solutions. They will develop life skills&#8212;communication, creativity, critical thinking, collaboration&#8212;or human skills that machines are not capable of.</p><p>By creating, they also learn technology and hence able to utilize it to produce solutions in their future work, regardless of their choice of career.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Cyberjaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/tech-design-consultant-4519998?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4519998" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 