---
title: "Southern University College Vacancies Deputy Registrar" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-14 
excerpt: "Southern University College is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Deputy Registrar which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Southern University College is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Deputy Registrar</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Requirements:</p><ul><li>At least <strong>Bachelor's Degree</strong> in related field.</li><li>Candidate must work in Registrar's Office for at least <strong>5 years and above.</strong></li><li>Strong interpersonal communication and writing skills in English, Mandarin, and Bahasa Melayu.</li><li>Computer literacy, particularly, good in handling Excel or related spreadsheet software.</li><li>Capable of handling jobs professionally and independently.</li><li>Have strong organizational and leadership skills.</li></ul><p>Job Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>To develop, recommend, organize and administer University College's policies and procedures pertaining to all student's admission and registration.</li><li>To resolve and respond to students' and lectures' issue including admission, registration, credit transfer, withdraws, late drops, and eligibility of lecturer to teach certain programme/subject.</li><li>To manage academic calendar and exam timetable</li><li>To set up the rules and regulations on matters relating to registration, barring from examinations, retake exam schedules etc.</li><li>To issue Certificates and Transcripts upon completion of courses and for graduation.</li><li>To monitor students' data maintenance.</li><li>To manage the operation of the Academic Affairs, Admission and Registration Office.</li><li>To upgrade the quality of the teaching and learning process.</li><li>To build a conducive learning environment and spirit between lecturers and students.</li><li>To monitor and ensure all academic programmes are well-executed and satisfy the standards set by MoHE and MQA.</li><li>To assists all programmes/courses approvals and accreditation for new and existing programmes, pre-approval and accreditation visits.</li><li>To perform any other tasks assigned by the Management.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Southern University College (Southern UC), previously known as Southern College, was established in 1990. It is the first non-profit higher education institute in Malaysia. The establishment of Southern College was to provide an alternative tertiary education for high school graduates to pursue higher qualifications in home country. Foon Yew Advanced Studies Programme was first set up in 1975 at Southern College and later Foon Yew Board of Directors made an application to the Ministry of Education for setting up Foon Yew College and then Southern College. Through twenty-two years of management and supports from the Chinese community, the Ministry of Higher Education finally approved Southern College to be upgraded to Southern University College in 2012. Southern UC aspire to become a full-fledged University by 2021 and aims to become a well-known International University by 2030.</p><p>The 33 acres of Southern University College campus, mainly donated by the philanthropist, Mr. Seow Wan Heong is located at Skudai, Johor Bahru. The campus reflects a fusion of Chinese and multicultural traditions of Malaysians.</p><p>Southern University College consists of:</p><ul><li>Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences</li><li>Faculty of Business and Management</li><li>Faculty of Art and Design</li><li>Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology</li><li>Faculty of Chinese Medicine</li><li>Faculty of Education and Psychology</li><li>School of Foundation Studies</li><li>Southern Institute of Technical Education</li><li>School of Professional &amp; Continuing Education</li><li>Institute of Graduate Studies and Research</li><li>Research Institute of Chinese Ethnicity &amp; Culture</li><li>Research Institute of Malay Language and Culture.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/deputy-registrar-4590030?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4590030" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 