---
title: "Cambridge English For Life Sdn Bhd (HQ) Vacancies Academic Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-16 
excerpt: "Cambridge English For Life Sdn Bhd (HQ) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Academic Manager which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cambridge English For Life Sdn Bhd (HQ) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Academic Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>To lead the daily operations of the Academic Department.</p><p>1. Assist with and/or supervise the development of all related curricular.</p><p>2. Plan and supervise in-house staff professional development, including teacher monitoring and appraisal; staff, including orientation and training and general briefing on academic matters.</p><p>3. Management of quality assurance and professional development, staffing, team building, and human resources management within the academic department.</p><p>4. Monitoring compliance requirements and working to ensure that learners receive the best outcomes, service, and advice possible.</p><p>5. Development of new curriculum/materials and liaison with existing/new publishers.</p><p>6. Develop, plan and present the spectrum of CEFL courses to clients.</p><p>7. Supervise Cambridge Assessment English (CAE) examination, where appropriate, administration and supervision.</p><p>8. Review and develop Placement Test materials.</p><p>9. Supervise teacher quality assessment periodically</p><p>10. Implement processes and procedures for communications with parents/clients, including progress reports, stock letters, and arrangements for Parent/Teacher Meetings.</p><p>11. Maintain and develop procedures for quality control, especially teacher performance and teaching materials.</p><p>12. Plan, organize and participate in training workshops, seminars etc. on academic matters.</p><p>13. Provide academic support to Marketing and Operations personnel;</p><p>14. Teach CEFL programmes as required.</p><p>15. Conduct routine professional development workshops.</p><p>16. Provide monthly reports for Management on academic matters.</p><p>17. Provide editorial service to all departments for outgoing correspondence, press releases/articles/advertisements, marketing material, website content, standard prepared responses.</p><p>18. Undertake any other assignments, duties, tasks and responsibilities which may arise from time to time as and when necessary.</p><p>19. To be involved in other ad-hoc projects as and when assigned by the Company.</p><p><strong>Abilities:</strong></p><p>1. Excellent organization, communication, and presentation skills. High level of written and verbal communication skills.</p><p>2. Positive attitude towards continuous personal development.</p><p>3. Dependable, responsible, meticulous, detailed, able to work under pressure, and able to work with minimum supervision.</p><p>4. Hands-on and has a real sense of ownership towards the position and the Company.</p><p>5. Leadership skills and capabilities. Able to encourage teamwork and solicit ideas of team members. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and advanced knowledge in implementing plans to respond to academic-related issues.</p><p>6. Creative and high adaptability in a VUCA world.</p><p><strong>Requirements/Qualifications:</strong></p><ol><li>Master&#8217;s Degree in Education/English (with IGCSE first language English - has related qualifications and/or experience); teaching certification preferred (Ph.D. holders are also welcomed to apply).</li><li>Minimum 10 years experience in teaching English, with preferred 5 additional years of experience in management.</li><li>Sound knowledge of the Malaysian Education System.</li><li>Able to effectively communicate with internal and external customers.</li><li>Must be willing to work overtime hours and weekends as needed.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Established in 2001, Cambridge English For Life (CEFL) is the leading provider of accredited ready to launch English language programmes. CEFL is characterised by its unique history, a commitment to quality education, a growing network of centres in Malaysia and a strict adherence to the following guiding principles:</p><p>Working with a trained, qualified and experienced teaching faculty,</p><p>Keeping to its dynamic and proven effective syllabus,</p><p>Offering practical courses of study leading to internationally recognised qualifications (such as the prestigious Cambridge English Language examinations), and</p><p>Developing lifelong skills for all age groups.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/academic-manager-4540016?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4540016" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 