---
title: "Zubedy (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Full Time Program Facilitator with Sales Function" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "Zubedy (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Full Time Program Facilitator with Sales Function which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Zubedy (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Full Time Program Facilitator with Sales Function</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Full Time Program Facilitator with Sales Function</strong></p><p><span>Kuala Lumpur</span></p><p><span>ZUBEDY (M) SDN BHD</span></p><p><strong>We are looking for TALENTS to be groomed as our Facilitators, Program Writers with Sales function at zubedy.</strong></p><p><strong>The job is suited for individuals who are outgoing sales people (ability to sell online and face to face in the future)&#160;and want to have a career change into consulting and facilitation.</strong></p><p><strong>We prefer confident and outgoing individuals who have had line experience, good at presentation and most importantly MUST BE PASSIONATE ABOUT SHARING KNOWLEDGE.</strong></p><p><strong>These talents will go through an intensive training program under Senior Facilitators and personal mentoring by our zubedy associates and Managing Director.</strong></p><p><strong>You will be exposed and coached among other areas in:</strong></p><p><strong>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;How to sell and manage sales accounts</strong></p><p><strong>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;Facilitation, public speaking, and presentations.</strong></p><p><strong>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;How to innovate, create and write winning programs.</strong></p><p><strong>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;Leadership and Management.</strong></p><p><strong>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;Managing Oneself.</strong></p><p><strong>You have several sources of income (upon confirmation)</strong></p><p><strong>Attractive remuneration package.</strong></p><p><strong>Paid an extra allowance for each facilitation day.</strong></p><p><strong>Incentives &amp; commissions to business you bring in.</strong></p><p>Requirements:</p><p><strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Professional Degree, in any field (candidates with Masters would have an added advantage).</strong></p><p><strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Pleasant and engaging personality and like to meet people</strong></p><p><strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Passionate about teaching and sharing</strong></p><p><strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Able to work on weekends and outstation</strong></p><p><strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Able to teach in Bahasa Malaysia and English, ability to deliver in Mandarin or Cantonese would be an advantage</strong></p><p><strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We prefer practitioners (Line practitioners who want to move into training)</strong></p><p><strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Must have excellent presentation skills</strong></p><p><strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At least 6 years working experience in related fields. Managing experience in corporate or business environment preferred.</strong></p><p><strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Possess own car</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Zubedy (M) Sdn Bhd is a fast-growing human development company that specialises in soft-skills development. Our clients include multinationals, banks, financial institutions, quasi-government bodies, corporate, small and medium industries as well as IT firms. At Zubedy, we aim to add value to the life and work of organisations and individuals through understanding, awareness and behavioural change. We are looking for a qualified and self-motivated person with the same mission, to be part of our team.</p><p>" Teaching is one of the most meaningful professions. "</p><p>- Jubal Lourdes</p><p><strong>Vision</strong></p><p> We intend to ADD VALUE to everyone and everything that we interact with and make the world a </p><p> better place while continuing to be a profitable endeavour.</p><p> <strong>Mission</strong></p><p> To unite people and get people to work together via facilitation programs, publications, client </p><p>  engagements and community projects.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/full-time-program-facilitator-with-sales-function-4575162?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4575162" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 