---
title: "City University Malaysia Vacancies Recruitment Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-15 
excerpt: "City University Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Recruitment Manager which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>City University Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Recruitment Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><div>&#8226; Handle end-to-end recruitment processes including job advertisement, sourcing, screening, conducting interview, conduct reference check to staff on-boarding.<br>&#8226; Negotiates salary and relocation offers that lead to win-win relationships between the company and prospective employee.<br>&#8226; Ensure all positions has a job description with competencies clearly spelt out.<br>&#8226; Responsible for manpower planning and have a well structure tracking on filling up the positions.<br>&#8226; Lead and manage a recruitment team to fill crucial positions (both expatriates and locals) and drive best hiring practices and look at ways of improving current hiring methodologies not limited to employee referral program, social media, online portals, referral programs, campaigns and using various recruitment platforms in filling the positions.<br>&#8226; Tracking of hiring metrics including turnaround time, ROI and source of hire.<br>&#8226; Design recruitment strategies to ensure we attract the best talent through direct sourcing and in line with departmental recruitment budgets.<br>&#8226; Identifying and execute behaviour based assessment and coach hiring managers on behaviour interview technique.<br>&#8226; Accountable for the performance and achievement of KPIs for the recruiting team.<br>&#8226; To build the company&#8217;s professional network through relationships with human resource consulting company, colleges, network and other partners.<br>&#8226; Representing the brand to attract and retain talent, developing a reputation of recruitment best practice/employer of choice.<br>&#8226; Involve directly in preparing weekly, monthly &amp; adhoc recruitment report to the management.<br>&#8226; Builds a strong pipeline with all the universities / potential candidates to boost up recruitment process.<br>&#8226; Responsible for both on boarding and off boarding process</div><div><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><div>&#8226; Bachelor&#8217;s degree or equivalent in HR management/ Business Administration or equivalent with minimum 5 years of relevant experience in a similar role. Those with working experience from recruitment agency, education industry will have an added advantage.<br>&#8226; Well versed with the current recruitment trends and provide pro-active recruitment strategies.<br>&#8226; Able to work under pressure and in a fast paced environment.<br>&#8226; Demonstrated ability to set priorities and successfully handle multiple assignments and deadlines<br>&#8226; Experience in and understanding of recruitment processes and selection methods<br>&#8226; Experience in developing and executing a strong content and employer brand strategy across multiple online/offline platforms<br>&#8226; Proven track record of hiring in volumes.<br>&#8226; Preferably someone who has handled volume recruitment and working experience from Recruitment agencies / education industry.<br>&#160;</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	City University Malaysia is the gateway to a bright future for individuals who wish to acquire knowledge and unleash their potential to excel in the field of Science and Technology. We are making significant contributions to the development on our knowledge capital towards a sustainable future of the nation and the region. We are committed to be one of the leading centers of excellence in higher education and to be internationally recognized.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/recruitment-manager-4506911?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4506911" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 