---
title: "University of Southampton Malaysia Vacancies Assistant Professor - Computer Science" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-08 
excerpt: "University of Southampton Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Professor - Computer Science which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>University of Southampton Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Professor - Computer Science</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The University is seeking applications for the position of Assistant Professor in the area of Computer Science.</p><p>Key accountabilities/primary responsibilities include:</p><p><strong><em>Research</em></strong></p><ul><li>Develop and undertake work in an area of research in line with the UoSM Research Strategy. Manage the application of a range of research methodologies, approaches and techniques appropriate to the type of research.</li><li>Establish a national reputation for research and the enhancement of learning and teaching practice by sustaining regular dissemination of findings through leading peer-reviewed publications, presenting results at conferences and other relevant events.</li><li>Plan and develop innovative research proposals, projects and funding bids as self-contained items or as part of a broader programme.</li><li>Carry out management and administrative tasks associated with specified research funding, including risk assessment of project activities, organisation of project meetings and documentation and preparation of annual reports.</li><li>Supervise post graduate students.</li></ul><p><strong><em>Education</em></strong></p><ul><li>Support the teaching objectives of the department by managing a range of contributions to its learning and teaching activities.&#160;Deliver teaching of the highest quality across a range of modules and to all levels, through lectures, tutorials, practical sessions and seminars.</li><li>Directly supervise students, providing expert advice on learning best practice and helping with learning problems.&#160;Identify the learning needs of students and define learning objectives. Set and mark coursework and exams, providing constructive feedback to students.</li><li>Monitor, evaluate and revise course design to ensure excellence and coherence.&#160;Identify areas where current provision is in need of revision or improvement, planning and developing innovative contributions to learning, teaching and assessment methods within the department as appropriate.</li><li>Provide expert advice in own subject area to other staff and students.</li></ul><p><strong><em>Others</em></strong></p><ul><li>Contribute to the efficient management and administration of the department by performing administrative duties as allocated by the Head of Programme and by taking on appropriate departmental coordination roles.</li><li>Any other duties as allocated by the line manager following consultation with the post holder which include student recruitment and supporting the implementation of the UoSM Strategic Plan.</li><li>Applicants applying for the Assistant Professor position should possess qualifications and experience which include:</li><li>PhD or equivalent professional qualifications and experience in the subject areas.</li><li>Track record of development and delivery of teaching at undergraduate and postgraduate levels.&#160;</li><li>Proven ability to plan and develop a range of high quality research and teaching activities, ensuring plans complement broader research and education strategies.</li><li>Proven ability to plan, manage, organise and assess own teaching contributions.</li></ul><p>To apply for this position, please upload your cover letter and up-to-date CV in one single PDF file and upload it at &#8216;Uploaded Resume&#8217; option.</p><p>Expected start date: June 2021</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
<div>The University of Southampton Malaysia (UoSM) is a branch campus of the University of Southampton in the UK. The University of Southampton is ranked 97th in the QS World University Rankings 2020 and is a founding member of the Russel Group in the UK. UoSM was established in 2012 and is based in Iskandar Puteri, Johor.</div>
<div>We currently offer an engineering foundation, three undergraduate engineering programmes (MEng Mechanical Engineering, MEng Electrical and Electronic Engineering and MEng Aeronautics and Astronautics),&#160;BSc Accounting and Finance and BSc Business Management and a PhD programme.</div>
<div>The University is also ranked 4th in the UK for Mechanical Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020), 6th in the UK for Aeronautics and Astronautics (The Complete University Guide, 2020) and 3rd in the UK for Electrical and Electronic Engineering (The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide, 2020).</div>
<div>We have ambitious plans to expand our academic portfolio in the near future and move to a new campus in 2021.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-professor-computer-science-4473140?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4473140" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 