---
title: "Magnet Security & Automation Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Technical Support Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-06 
excerpt: "Magnet Security & Automation Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Technical Support Manager which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Magnet Security & Automation Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Technical Support Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>At MAGNET, business is about ensuring peace of mind for our customers. We are looking for an experienced Technical Support Manager that can lead the technical support and warranty department to provide excellent after-sales service to our customer. Our ideal candidate should have hands-on experience in managing a technical team that involves electronic, IT, software, and mechanical products. He/she should be comfortable with day-to-day technical activities, high-performance working culture, managing multi-tasking priority, thriving tight deadlines, and changing needs. If you are a versatile person that loves the rewarding challenge of bringing a technical department to the next level, we want to hear from you.</p><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><ul><li>Manage all aspects of technical activities, warranty services, and team management to ensure resources are efficiently utilized to achieve department goals.</li><li>Continuously improve technical team knowledge, experience, efficiency, and communication skill to increase service quality.</li><li>Manage all escalation of customer complaints, difficult technical problems, and dissatisfaction to ensure customer&#8217;s peace of mind.</li><li>Manage R&amp;D team in new product development.</li><li>Implement technical department&#8217;s SOP, strategy, and roadmap to accommodate the changing needs of our customers.</li><li>Monitor, approve and manage department expenses to ensure within the budget.</li><li>Work with the team to produce technical documentation, video tutorial, and training program.</li><li>Collaborate with other departments to manage product quality and propose improvement.</li><li>Conduct customer online satisfaction survey to get correct insight to effectively improve the department.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's degree in electronic, IT or equivalent.</li><li>At least 3 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Candidates fluent in mandarin preferred as the role requires the candidate to deal with mandarin speaking customers/suppliers</li><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.</li><li>Good in technical common sense and fast learner.</li><li>Ability to adapt and grow in a competitive environment.</li><li>Ability to work quickly and effectively under deadline pressure.</li><li>Good in planning, analytical, detailed oriented and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Able to work independently with less supervision.</li><li>Self-motivated and goal-oriented, desire to deliver results.</li><li>Strong interpersonal skills and able to work well as part of a team.</li><li>Good presentation skills.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>MAGNET Security &amp; Automation Sdn. Bhd. (MAG) established in 1980 under the leadership of two strong generations. As the leading security and automation solution provider in South East Asia, MAG is among the pioneers in the industry with a wealth of technical experience and knowledge of over 40 years. Growing from the success of its own MAG AutoGate, MAG has expanded their services and product offerings to an all-inclusive security and automation solutions such as barrier gate, pedestrian gate, access control, and CCTV. Our wide product lines form innovative solutions for building, guardhouse, and house.</div>
<div>Please visit our web www.magnet.com.my for more information about us and our products.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/technical-support-manager-4558230?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4558230" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 