---
title: "FrogAsia Sdn Bhd (a YTL Company) Vacancies Content Operations Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: "FrogAsia Sdn Bhd (a YTL Company) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Content Operations Executive which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>FrogAsia Sdn Bhd (a YTL Company) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Content Operations Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong><em>Hello! We are FrogAsia</em></strong></p><p><span>Our vision is to see that everyone has access to quality education regardless of their location or background.&#160;</span></p><p><span>We do this by transforming learning spaces, empowering learners (which includes educators) with the knowledge and skills needed to be creative communicators, collaborators, and changemakers in their own communities and across the globe.&#160;</span></p><p><span>We believe that with the right character, creative spirit, and drive for excellence, lifelong learners can thrive.</span></p><p><strong>Role Summary</strong></p><p><span>You will be part of the company&#8217;s Content Team to provide quality, curriculum aligned educational content that is accessible and discoverable by users and also customisable to best support teachers and students&#8217; educational needs. You will also focus on ensuring delivery and maintenance of quality standards for digital resources. Additionally, you will handle creation, curation and collating of curriculum mapped digital resources aligned with the national curriculum for all primary and secondary levels of selected subjects. In this position you will work closely with the content team to ensure that all teaching and learning digital contents are effective and will meet national and Frog educational standards.</span></p><p><strong>Job Scope:</strong></p><p><span>Your responsibilities shall include but are not limited to those that are normally undertaken by a Content Operations Executive, including:</span></p><ul><li>Assist with quality control and quality assurance during and after the content production process to maintain quality of our digital content.</li><li>Curate, review and periodically audit curriculum standards (Content, Learning and Performance Standards) for all levels across all Frog products</li><li><span>Design and maintain relevance of content templates across all Frog products following FrogAsia&#8217;s quality standards</span></li><li><span>Support with consultation and training, where required, to colleagues and content partners with regards to content creation within Frog Products</span></li><li><span>Provide feedback for enhancing Frog Products for the purpose of creating and consuming digital content</span></li><li><span>Collaborate with other colleagues to gather requirements and translate business needs and user feedback into relevant content resources/products and technical support</span></li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li><span>The candidate must possess at least a Diploma or Degree</span></li><li><span>This is an entry level position for those with up to two years of working experience</span></li><li><span>Experience in teaching or any related educational field is an advantage</span></li><li><span>Excellent written skills in English, Bahasa Melayu and Mandarin</span></li><li><span>Written skills in Tamil is a great advantage</span></li><li><span>Computer literacy and tech savviness are essential</span></li><li><span>Familiar with MS Office and Google Suite products</span></li><li><span>Good interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to interact, engage &amp; communicate effectively with people at all levels</span></li><li><span>Strong attention to detail, analytical, proactive, highly creative, result-oriented and a good team player</span></li><li><span>Able to multi-task with excellent time management skills to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>FrogAsia Sdn Bhd (a YTL Company) aims to transform teaching and learning through technology. With a mission to provide equal access to quality education for all students, we offer 21st-century learning solutions through a technology-based approach. Our virtual learning environment, the Frog VLE, is a simple, fun and engaging platform that enhances the teaching and learning experience. The platform is adopted and adapted from Frog Education UK, an award-winning education company with nearly 20 years of experience in providing the award-winning Frog Virtual Learning platform to schools used by 12 million students, teachers and parents worldwide.</p><p><strong>HEART Values</strong></p><p>At FrogAsia, we are looking for people who want to do more than sell a product &#8211; people who believe in our vision to transform education and want to make a positive difference to the world. We expect everyone at FrogAsia to demonstrate our HEART values in everything they do.&#160;</p><p>We are <strong>Here</strong></p><p><strong>to make a difference</strong>,</p><p>we <strong>Enjoy what we do</strong></p><p><strong>and who we do it with</strong>,</p><p>we <strong>Act with integrity</strong></p><p>we <strong>Reach for perfection</strong></p><p>and we always <strong>Think ahead</strong></p><p><strong>and out of the box</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/content-operations-executive-4588068?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4588068" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 