---
title: "Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad Vacancies Vice President of the Premier Account Unit" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-01 
excerpt: "Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Vice President of the Premier Account Unit which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Vice President of the Premier Account Unit</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong></p><ul><li>Plan and manage the implementation of the premier account management framework and outreach activities for premier employers based in the Central Region (Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, and Putrajaya) in achieving the target/KPIs set by the organization in accordance with HRD Corp's business objectives.</li></ul><p><strong>KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the premier employers which are based in the Central Region (Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, and Putrajaya) which includes planning and implementing the account management framework.</li><li>To ensure effective and efficient usage of the human resource development (HRD) levy as well as to constantly develop and review strategies, initiatives, and activities offered to the premier employers in the Central Region.</li><li>Responsible for driving the individual team members in the Premier Account Unit in achieving the target/KPIs set in terms of the activeness in training, percentage of HRD levy utilization, growth of training places approved, number of engaged employers, etc.</li><li>Responsible for engagement with premier employers based in the Central Region, as well as the successful implementation and execution of all programmes and activities planned under the Premier Account Unit.</li><li>Responsible for any data, analysis, and reports related to the premier employers based in the Central Region; as well as preparation of data, reports, and presentation decks involved.</li><li>Responsible for the Premier Account Unit's budget planning, monitoring, and management.</li><li>To undertake other such reasonable duties as required by the Management to support HRD Corp's business objectives.</li></ul><p><strong>PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p><ul><li>Degree or postgraduate study in management, business, or other related disciplines.</li><li>Knowledgeable in HRD Corp matters.</li><li>5 - 8 years of experience in a business operation environment with strong business acumen and an understanding of the intricacies in the services and industrial sectors.</li><li>Experience in engaging the top levels in regulators, ministries, and government agencies.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Tracing its origin to the Year 1993 as Majlis Pembangunan Sumber Manusia, the Human Resources Development Corporation (HRD Corp) or Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad is an organization under the purview of the Ministry of Human Resources Malaysia (MOHR).&#160;Governed by the Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad Act 2001 (PSMB Act 2001), HRD Corp was given the mandate by the Malaysian Government to catalyse the development of competent local workforce that will contribute to Malaysia&#8217;s vision of becoming a high-income economy.&#160;Since its inception, HRD Corp has evolved from managing a sizeable fund to becoming a one-stop-centre for providing novel human capital development solutions to its registered employers and the critical mass of Small, Medium Enterprises in Malaysia.&#160;Additionally, HRD Corp continues to be steadfast in its effort towards encouraging employers covered under the PSMB Act 2001 to re-train and upgrade the skills of their local employees, apprentices and trainees in keeping with the fast-evolving global business landscape while meeting the aspirations of their respective company/companies.&#160;Our VisionEvery Malaysian trained and employable.&#160;Our MissionImproving lives through the promotion of lifelong learning and acquisition of future work skills.&#160;Our Values (PILLAR)Passion Integrity LeadershipLoyaltyAgilityResponsiveness</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/vice-president-of-the-premier-account-unit-4604155?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4604155" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 