---
title: "Gyalpozhing College of Information Technology, Royal University of Bhutan Vacancies Lecturer - Computer Science and Blockchain Development" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-01 
excerpt: "Gyalpozhing College of Information Technology, Royal University of Bhutan is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Lecturer - Computer Science and Blockchain Development which positioned at Mongar District" 
tags: [Mongar District] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Gyalpozhing College of Information Technology, Royal University of Bhutan is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Lecturer - Computer Science and Blockchain Development</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>COMPANY DESCRIPTION</strong></p><p>GCIT officially inaugurated on 6th October 2017 is one of the integral colleges of the Royal University of Bhutan. The college is 24 kilometers away from Mongar town stretching an area of 54 acres of land engulfed by lush green mountains. The university is one of the three new colleges established in Eastern Bhutan with the vision to be the Center of Excellence in Information Technology. The college is actively looking for teaching professionals to join their institution and nurture students&#8217; potential for life, work and world readiness. GCIT offers a flexible and innovative working environment that is committed to technological social progress. The teaching roles will contribute to module delivery, development and pedagogical innovation for a lively teaching environment.</p><p><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION</strong></p><p>Excellent Overseas Opportunity (Everything Negotiable), relocate to Bhutan, Mongar. Looking for overseas applicants who has relevant skills-set. It will be a meaningful and rewarding education job in Bhutan's Gyalphozhing College of Information and Technology (Royal University of Bhutan).</p><p><strong>1) COMPUTER SCIENCE TEACHING</strong></p><p>Applicants should be competent to teach in one or more of the following</p><p>areas:</p><ul><li>Front-End Web Development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)</li><li>Back-End Web Development (Java, .Net, NodeJS, Express JS)</li><li>iOS Mobile Programming (Swift, Objective-C, Kotlin)</li><li>Android Mobile Programming (proficiency in Android Studio and Android SDK)</li><li>Software Engineering Practices</li><li>Experience working on structured and unstructured database languages</li><li>Familiar with Cloud Computing Technologies (AWS, Google, Azure)</li><li><br></li></ul><p><strong>2) BLOCKCHAIN DEVELOPMENT TEACHING</strong></p><p>Applicants should be competent to teach in one or more of the following areas:</p><ul><li>Proficiency in one or more programming languages (Python, Solidity, Java, JavaScript, Node.js, Go)</li><li>Knowledge of database principles, networking containers and virtual machines</li><li>Cryptography in Blockchain Technology</li><li>Developing Blockchain smart contracts</li><li>Cryptocurrency wallet operation, development and maintenance</li><li>Decentralised application (Dapps) operation, development and maintenance</li><li>Familiar with server-side application development and DevOps are highly regarded</li></ul><p>You are also generally excited to share via teaching about good software architecture, design principles and strong developer productivity. All teaching and communications use English as the primary Language. Those with strong and relevant experiences can also look forward to Senior Lecturer or equivalent leadership positions in respective school domains.</p><p><span>Note: Position requires relocation to Bhutan. Relocation flights, visa and transport will be arranged by GCIT, Royal University of Bhutan.</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>GCIT officially inaugurated on 6th October 2017 is one of the integral colleges of the Royal University of Bhutan. The college is 24 kilometres away from Mongar town stretching an area of 54 acres of land engulfed by lush green mountains. The university is one of the three new colleges established in Eastern Bhutan with the vision to be the Center of Excellence in Information Technology. The college currently offers an undergraduate programme in Bachelor of Computer Applications, Bsc in Computer Science and Bachelor of Science in Information Technology and will be expanding programmes to Bachelor of Digital Media and AI Development. The college is actively looking for teaching professionals to join their institution and nurture students&#8217; potential for life, work and world readiness. GCIT offers a flexible and innovative working environment that is committed to technological social progress. The following roles will contribute to module delivery, development and pedagogical innovation for a lively teaching environment</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Mongar District. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/lecturer-computer-science-and-blockchain-development-4591513?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4591513" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 