---
title: "Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad Vacancies Senior Associate - Micro-credential, Course Revision" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-26 
excerpt: "Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Associate - Micro-credential, Course Revision which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Associate - Micro-credential, Course Revision</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:</p><ul><li>Coordinate and support the overall Training Levy Review Committee (TLRC) initiatives, inclusive of meetings related to TLRC and its subcommittees.</li><li>Manage and coordinate the outcome of TLRC initiatives inclusive of reports, planning and scheduling of engagement sessions, workshops; and continuous improvement of the processes and procedures to ensure the smooth operation of the Unit.</li><li>Manage the implementation of the HRDF Micro-credential initiatives, inclusive of the application and verification processes for participating institutions and training providers for Micro-credential course submissions.</li><li>Manage the implementation of the HRDF Micro-credential initiatives inclusive of planning and scheduling of engagement sessions, certification management and continuous improvement of the processes and procedures to ensure growth in value-added HRDF endorsed courses to meet the human capital requirements of the nation.</li><li>Ensure that the Micro-credential courses quality assurance measures through the HRDF Micro-credential framework to monitor the submission of Micro-credentials to meet the requirements of accreditation institutions; and data management of endorsed courses to ensure high quality offerings to participants attending the HRDF training courses.</li><li>Maintain two-way communication with participating institutions and training providers to ensure concerns from the market are well documented and addressed accordingly; while at the same time ensuring employers and training providers are kept abreast of developments in human capital development pertaining to HRDF.</li><li>Provide a working environment that is motivating; identify high potential employees for succession planning and recommend development needs as required.</li><li>Continuously monitor actual expenditure against budget and undertake appropriate control measures to ensure operations are conducted effectively and efficiently within approved budget.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Tracing its origin to the Year 1993 as Majlis Pembangunan Sumber Manusia, the Human Resources Development Fund (HRDF) or Kumpulan Wang Pembangunan Sumber Manusia is an agency under the purview of the Ministry of Human Resources Malaysia.</p><p>Governed by the Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad Act 2001 (PSMB Act 2001), HRDF was given the mandate by the Malaysian Government to catalyse the development of competent local workforce that will contribute to Malaysia&#8217;s vision of becoming a high-income economy.</p><p>Since its inception, HRDF has evolved from managing a sizeable fund to becoming a one-stop-centre for providing novel human capital development solutions to its registered employers and the critical mass of Small, Medium Enterprises in Malaysia.</p><p>Additionally, HRDF continues to be steadfast in its effort towards encouraging employers covered under the PSMB Act 2001 to re-train and upgrade the skills of their local employees, apprentices and trainees in keeping with the fast-evolving global business landscape while meeting the aspirations of their respective company/companies.</p><p>Our Vision</p><p>Every Malaysian employee trained.</p><p>Our Mission</p><p>Spearhead the Learning and Development of the Malaysian workforce.</p><p>Our Values</p><p>Integrity</p><p>Customer Focus</p><p>Continuous Improvement</p><p>Accountability</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-associate-micro-credential-course-revision-4490380?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4490380" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 