---
title: "Asian International Arbitration Centre Vacancies Librarian" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-17 
excerpt: "Asian International Arbitration Centre is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Librarian which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Asian International Arbitration Centre is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Librarian</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
 <div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><ul><li>Develop library policies and best practices; including book lending policies &amp; borrower responsibilities and standard operating procedures.</li><li>Code, classify, and catalogue books, publication, and other library materials based on subject matter or standard library classification systems.</li><li>Design information storage and retrieval systems, and develop procedures for collecting, organizing, interpreting, and classifying information.</li><li>Develop and index databases that provide information for library users.</li><li>Analyze patrons&#8217; requests to determine needed information, and assist in furnishing or locating that information.</li><li>Teach library patrons to search for information using subscribed legal databases.</li><li>Keep records of circulation and materials and check books in and out of the library.</li><li>Compile lists of overdue materials, and notify borrowers that their materials are overdue.</li><li>Respond to customer complaints, taking action as necessary.</li><li>Perform public relations works for the library, such as giving community talks to visitors / interns, and proposing to management on CSR related activities involving the library.</li><li>To liaise with the Business Development units on incorporating marketing aspects of the library into the AIAC websites aimed at cultivating public use and visibility of the library, as part of the AIAC&#8217;s overriding publicity efforts.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma/Higher Diploma/Bachelors Degree in Library Science or its equivalent.</li><li>Computer and IT skills are essential, as new technologies are constantly evolving. The candidate is expected to possess these skills, and to embrace the use of the latest technology trends to benefit the library&#8217;s administration.</li><li>Preferably with at least 2-years of experience in the related field of library science and knowledge management.</li><li>Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply.</li><li>Excellent command of English in both written and spoken forms.</li><li>Excellent interpersonal skills and resourceful in problem-solving methods, with the ability to work independently.</li><li>Able to work beyond normal working hours during events or to meet deadlines.</li><li>[<strong>Note:</strong> This offer is for a part-time position ranging 3 times a week. After 6 months, the incumbent will be considered for a full-time position depending on the performance of the incumbent.]</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div><strong>The Asian International Arbitration Centre (Malaysia) (&#8220;AIAC&#8221;) </strong>sits in one of Malaysia&#8217;s most iconic buildings, Bangunan Sulaiman. Formerly known as Kuala Lumpur Regional Centre for Arbitration (&#8220;KLRCA&#8221;).</div>
<div>As we step into a new day and age of dispute resolution, the Asian International Arbitration Centre (&#8220;AIAC&#8221; or &#8220;the Centre&#8221;) has taken up the baton of its predecessor, the Kuala Lumpur Regional Centre for Arbitration (&#8220;KLRCA&#8221;) and is set to broaden boundaries beyond the horizon and deliver the future. Behind the new AIAC brand, we are still the same organization with a proven track record for the provision of world-class institutional support as a neutral and independent venue for the conduct of domestic and international arbitration and other alternative dispute resolution (ADR) proceedings. This new identity is a natural reflection of our ongoing commitment to the global ADR ecosystem and the stakeholders we serve as we remain dedicated to providing the best possible services and innovations in the industry, focusing on ADR, dispute avoidance and holistic dispute management.</div>
<div>Despite the change in identity, we take pride in remaining loyal to the 40 years of heritage we have built. In a fitting ensemble where modern innovation meets classic heritage, the AIAC sits in one of Malaysia&#8217;s most iconic historical buildings. The Centre was the first of its kind to be established under the Asian African Legal Consultative Organization (&#8220;AALCO&#8221;), an international organization comprising 47-member states from across the region.</div>
<div>Formed pursuant to the host country agreement between Malaysia and AALCO, the AIAC is a not-for-profit, non-governmental international arbitral institution which has been accorded independence and certain privileges and immunities by the Government of Malaysia for the purposes of executing its functions as an independent, international organization. Given our mandate to serve the region and as an international organization, the Centre has now grown from strength to strength, becoming a niche ADR centre in the world, to take its rightful positioning as the AIAC.</div>
<div>The AIAC and the new branding identity it envisions signals our continued passion to spearhead an era of development and expansion, both for the Centre and the global ADR ecosystem. AIAC aspires to continue to be a provider of world-class institutional support as a neutral and independent venue for the conduct of domestic and international arbitration, and other ADR proceedings.</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/librarian-4464218?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4464218&sectionRank=11&token=0~90d69b3a-d146-4eb8-a346-26905acbe071&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 