---
title: "UNITAR International University Vacancies Teaching and Learning" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-16 
excerpt: "UNITAR International University is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Teaching and Learning which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UNITAR International University is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Teaching and Learning</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The key responsibilities include:</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong>Training and Workshops</strong></p><p>a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Managing &amp; monitoring suitable training/workshop proposed and prepared for academicians (Main Campus &amp; Regional Centres) and students</p><p>b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Train academicians on various teaching methodologies (via UNIEC LEARN and Pedagogical Workshops)</p><p>c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Prepare and provide semesterly/yearly teaching and learning plan for faculty based on faculty&#8217;s request/needs</p><p>d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Provide leadership and planning for all instructional and curricular development activities designed to support the Institution&#8217;s teaching community</p><p>e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assist the Deans to produce and implement clear, evidence-based improvement plans and policies that promote and sustain the department&#8217;s improvement</p><p>f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To maintain an overview of the effectiveness with which students&#8217; views are heard and engaged within the academic units / departments.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong>Internal Projects</strong></p><p>a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assist and manage faculties in developing online courses</p><p>b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assist and manage faculties in teaching and learning related requests</p><p>c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Monitoring the progress of all the teaching and learning initiatives</p><p>d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Coaching and advising on project progression for all staff under CTL</p><p>e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Prepare and provide semesterly/yearly plan for any internal projects</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong>Special Projects</strong></p><p>a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assist suitable courses based on the company&#8217;s request</p><p>b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assist in monitoring the progress of the project</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong>Administrative Duties</strong></p><p>a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Ensuring all events under CTL are as planned</p><p>b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Monitoring and assisting on CTL related reporting ( TES, Minutes, faculty report, etc)</p><p>c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Monitor and assist Knowledge Management Centre</p><p><strong>Skills and Experience Requirement</strong></p><p>-An excellent record of teaching experience at the college or university level.</p><p>-Successful administrative and professional development experience with faculty, preferably in a teaching/learning center.</p><p>-Excellent communication and motivational skills.</p><p>-Knowledge of outcomes-based curricular design, program development, assessment of learning outcomes, student-centered learning and learning theories, and technology enhanced teaching and learning.</p><p>-Demonstrate ability to provide collaborative leadership and management skills, and to work collaboratively with other administrative academic units.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>International University (UNITAR) was established in 1997 as the first virtual university in Southeast Asia and among the earliest private universities in the country. It is the first institution in Asia to be awarded a QS 5-Star Rating for the Online Learning category. In alignment with the United Nation&#8217;s Sustainable Development Goals, UNITAR&#8217;s holistic and innovative learning ecosystem provides a comprehensive programme offering for all socio-economic levels whilst developing highly employable and entrepreneurial global citizens.</p><p>It aims to go beyond just providing the learning journey for students in acquiring relevant skill sets, but through their C.A.R.E. &#8212; Collaborative, Adaptive, Reflective, and Entrepreneurial education methodology, UNITAR nurtures its students in developing self-awareness of their talents and abilities, as well inculcating in them the need for social responsibility whilst moulding them to be better citizens of the nation.</p><p>UNITAR&#8217;s programmes are offered in 13 locations, including its main campus in urban Kelana Jaya. It has a total enrolment of over 5,000 students spread within 40 homegrown programmes ranging from the Foundation, Diploma and Bachelor&#8217;s levels to the postgraduate Master&#8217;s and Doctorate&#8217;s. To meet the current needs of the industries, UNITAR also provides over 50 professional certification programmes. With APEL, working professionals can continue their education journey with the option to reduce their programme duration.</p><p>UNITAR takes pride in having committed academics housed in various faculties and schools. The academic verticals comprise of the Faculty of Business &amp; Technology, Faculty of Education &amp; Humanities, the School of Culinary Arts and School of Media, Arts &amp; Design. Its pursuit to offer competitive quality education in both conventional and online teaching modes continues till today, meeting the needs of 21st Century education.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/teaching-and-learning-4539077?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4539077" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 