---
title: "Cambridge English For Life Sdn Bhd (HQ) Vacancies Centre Exams Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-01 
excerpt: "Cambridge English For Life Sdn Bhd (HQ) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Centre Exams Manager which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Cambridge English For Life Sdn Bhd (HQ) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Centre Exams Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>To support the daily operations of the Exams Unit.</p><p>Responsible for the administration and organisation of all aspects of the University of Cambridge Assessment English examinations in accordance with the regulations, procedures and deadlines laid down by the awarding body.</p><ol><li>As the main point of contact at the Authorised Centre for the University of Cambridge Assessment English examinations.</li><li>Keeping up-to-date with the requirements of the role, and also with the latest procedures and regulations of the Cambridge Assessment English examinations.</li><li>Liaising with Centre Managers (CEFL and Supplier Schools) regarding entries; and for private candidates, be responsible for submitting their entries in advance of the deadline.</li><li>Disseminating information, answering enquiries and dealing with matters regarding the Cambridge Assessment English examinations with Centre Managers, candidates and parents.</li><li>Submitting entries for the Cambridge Assessment English examinations to the awarding body in advance of deadlines.</li><li>Receiving and securely store examination papers, checking all required papers are received and distributed as required.</li><li>Responsible for the collecting and despatching of examination scripts in accordance with regulations, ensuring records are kept of their postage and deadlines are met.</li><li>Managing the running of the examinations. This includes ensuring that all examination venues have the required materials for the start of the examination and arrangements for candidates with special arrangement needs are in place.</li><li>Producing the examination timetables for each examination venue and for each examination period, ensuring that the requirements of accommodation availability, Speaking Examiners, Supervisor, Invigilators, Marshalls are in accordance with regulations.</li><li>Ensuring there is a sufficient number of Cambridge Assessment English Speaking Examiners for the examinations.</li><li>Arranging training and coordination of Speaking Examiners.</li><li>Coordinating paperwork and payment of Speaking Examiners.</li><li>Briefing examination supervisors on examination regulations, including briefing and training invigilators and marshals.</li><li>Resolving examination clashes in accordance with regulations.</li><li>Overseeing the downloading, receiving, checking and distribution of results and certificates. These are done on time and accurately.</li><li>Producing analyses of examination results as soon as practicable.</li><li>Providing statistics on examination results.</li><li>Arranging and organising the Cambridge Assessment English examinations pre-testing.</li><li>Perform related duties as assigned by supervisor.</li><li>Participate in school roadshows (whenever permissible) to speak about the lifelong benefits of sitting for the Cambridge Assessment English examinations and to receive a Cambridge English Qualification.</li><li>Maintain compliance with all company policies and procedures.</li><li>To be involved in other ad-hoc projects as and when assigned by the Company.</li><li>Design and develop Schemes of Work, Teachers Guides and Training Manuals</li><li>Managing, developing and maintaining all the CEFL curricula</li><li>Development of new educational products as required&#160;</li></ol><p>Requirements:</p><ul><li>Minimum Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Education, TESL, English, Linguistics or related fields.</li><li>Good written and verbal command of English and Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>Strong computer skills including Excel, Word, Outlook and Powerpoint. Able to operate a computerised administrative system/database and produce reports from this database.</li><li>Excellent organisation and communication skills.</li><li>Positive attitude towards continuous personal development.</li><li>Dependable, responsible, meticulous, detailed &amp; able to work with minimum supervision.</li><li>Able to recognise and appreciate the confidential nature of some work undertaken.</li><li>Able to deal with a large volume administrative system whilst maintaining excellent attention to detail.</li><li>Able to work calmly under pressure, in particular during the periods of examinations and also offer the flexibility required with regards to the hours worked during the course of the day.</li><li>A high level of interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with a range of people including colleagues, students, teachers, Centre Managers and the examination board.</li><li>Willing to work weekends when needed.&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Established in 2001, Cambridge English For Life (CEFL) is the leading provider of accredited ready to launch English language programmes. CEFL is characterised by its unique history, a commitment to quality education, a growing network of centres in Malaysia and a strict adherence to the following guiding principles:</p><p>Working with a trained, qualified and experienced teaching faculty,</p><p>Keeping to its dynamic and proven effective syllabus,</p><p>Offering practical courses of study leading to internationally recognised qualifications (such as the prestigious Cambridge English Language examinations), and</p><p>Developing lifelong skills for all age groups.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/centre-exams-manager-4604296?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4604296" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 