---
title: "Chumbaka Sdn. Bhd Vacancies Community & Innovation Program Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-30 
excerpt: "Chumbaka Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Community & Innovation Program Manager which positioned at Cyberjaya" 
tags: [Cyberjaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Chumbaka Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Community & Innovation Program Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new education sector job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>Our work consistently revolves around the theme of Making, Innovation, Technology, and Education. We are looking for calibre minds with a thirst for learning, to shape the future of Education through an innovative lens.&#160;</span></p><p><strong>We are looking for Community &amp; Innovation Program Manager who will be able to:&#160;</strong></p><ul><li><span>Commit for a minimum of 2 years;&#160;</span></li><li><span>Engage, establish and maintain a strong positive relationship with individuals, our local chapters, and partners (corporates, schools, parents, universities and SMEs) nationwide;&#160;</span></li><li><span>Strategize, manage, coordinate, and execute our education programmes nationwide;&#160;</span></li><li><span>Work closely with teachers and students to create and nurture a culture of innovation under our education programmes.&#160;</span></li></ul><strong>What to expect?&#160;</strong><ul><li><span>The work generally involves a lot of communication with various stakeholders &amp; beneficiaries.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Much of the working day is spent in casual settings but do dress accordingly. Meetings with (potential) sponsors &amp; high-ranking officers (from both corporate &amp; government) may require a smart dress code.</span></li><li><span>The work often requires sensitivity, creativity, passion and determination to overcome barriers and to engage beneficiaries &amp; stakeholders. Be prepared for setbacks before success is achieved.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Remote work is possible, but we prefer someone who is based in Klang Valley or Penang.&#160;</span></li></ul><p><strong>Who are we looking for?&#160;</strong></p><ul><li><span>Young professional, with some experience in project management&#160;</span></li><li><span>Strong ability to work effectively as part of a team&#160;</span></li><li><span>Previous experience of working in education (if any)&#160;</span></li><li><span>Excellent written and verbal communication skills (particularly in English)&#160;</span></li><li><span>Google-ing &amp; investigative skills&#160;</span></li><li><span>Proficient in Google Apps</span></li><li><span>Fast learner, self-driven, and &#8220;can-do&#8221; attitude&#160;</span></li></ul><p><strong>Working Hours&#160;</strong></p><p><span>Working hours are typically around 37 to 45 hours per week. Hours are often flexible, but some programmes require weekend work.&#160;</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>OUR PURPOSE</p><p>Develop children&#8217;s life skills by inspiring them to create with technology</p><p>Just like how sports instil discipline, we use technology as a platform to develop life skills.</p><p>When we use the navigation app on our phones, we stop asking for direction. We no longer learn how to interact with people. When we play computer games, we let the game developers do the thinking.</p><p>Using technology to a certain extent deprives our children opportunities to think deeply, interact with people, and become creative.</p><p>Our children need to learn to create with technology instead&#8212;develop games, design toys, build solutions. They will develop life skills&#8212;communication, creativity, critical thinking, collaboration&#8212;or human skills that machines are not capable of.</p><p>By creating, they also learn technology and hence able to utilize it to produce solutions in their future work, regardless of their choice of career.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream education sector job in Cyberjaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/community-innovation-program-manager-4519997?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4519997" class="btn btn--info" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 